when the letter `` z '' is encountered , a NN causes a blank space to appear in the message , thus VBG the original message with spaces .	2	11	VBZ	causes	cause	9
the mark of a moderate man is freedom from his own ideas .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
direct quotes , statistics and facts need to be cited .	1	6	VBP	need	needs	5
the legal definition of land area ( us ) VBZ slope .	2	9	VBZ	ignores	ignore	7
methods employed in cognitive NN include experimental NN from NNS and cognitive psychology , functional NN , NN , cognitive NNS and behavioral NNS .	0	5	VBP	include	includes	5
NNP NNP NNP 's incomplete theory `` an RB simple theory of everything '' attempts to describe all known fundamental interactions in physics as part of the NNP lie algebra .	5	14	VBZ	attempts	attempt	9
the rules of botanical naming state that the spelling used in the formal scientific description has to be retained for the scientific name .	8	15	VBZ	has	have	7
next to the NNP , second largest building of the terrace and the final NNS , is the throne hall or the imperial army 's hall of honour ( also called the `` NNP palace ) .	7	16	VBZ	is	are	9
NNS which have been around , and which are in current widespread use , include JJ NN , NN , NN NN , NN , NNS , NNS , NNS , NN , and NNS , and JJ NNS .	0	14	VBP	include	includes	14
c - stops at NNP then express to NNP , then all stops to NNP .	2	6	VBP	express	expresses	4
at present , the total floor area of the library is 56 , 700 NN ft .	6	10	VBZ	is	are	4
no one in the usa wants their stores , which is why the chain is being sold off .	1	5	VBZ	wants	want	4
when he met NNP washington , the director and also an actor in the great NNP , in a follow-up NN audition , NNP says `` it was one of those moments .	11	24	VBZ	says	say	13
the son of singer jeff NNP discovers that his father was a drug NN by reading wikipedia .	1	6	VBZ	discovers	discover	5
classic examples of JJ problems include economic , environmental , and political issues .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
the major factor that keeps the image of this elephant in the minds of elephant lovers is its wide ears .	2	16	VBZ	is	are	14
the town of bruce mines has a population of CD residents .	1	5	VBZ	has	have	4
some distributed data stores ( such as NNP over NNP ) use forward error NN techniques to recover the original file when parts of that file are damaged or JJ .	22	26	VBP	are	is	4
the central galaxy in the cluster contains vast amounts of hot gas .	2	6	VBZ	contains	contain	4
apparently every season of america 's top model is notable .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the purpose of the NNP is to score bonus points .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
she pointed out that the number itself , for all VBG agencies , depends very much on the way it is calculated .	5	13	VBZ	depends	depend	8
content of article has changed it may be verifiable but at the time of nomination was a poorly written NN ; NNS and NN 's are not suitable for wp inclusion .	21	25	VBP	are	is	4
another editor would not see the same problems you see , and it is likely that even after several NNS , the specific elements of the article that you VBP to be VBN would still remain .	23	29	VBP	perceive	perceives	6
the number used in a font is a NN of two numbers .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the NN of this forum is that it VBZ itself to VB knee NN voting , and is strongly JJ to discourse .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
a leading NN in his entire body of work is the JJ NN of freedom and the triumph of NN and NN .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the few people in this category - and the many potentially in it - have little in common , so there is little value in them being grouped together .	2	14	VBP	have	has	12
the potential energy at the top is independent of the route taken .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the office of the mayor of NNP is a directly elected position .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
after the other judges delivered their NNS , lord NNP concluded , the general law of this land is in favour of the NN of battle , and it is our duty to VB the law as it is , and not as we may wish it to be .	14	18	VBZ	is	are	4
delete while the subject of this article is an important cultural phenomenon and JJ NN that is likely to be well documented .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the parish of NNP da NNP is surrounded to the north and west by the parish of NNP , and east by the municipality of NNP do NNP ( specifically the parishes of NNP and NNP do mar , VBG the atlantic ocean along its southern border .	31	36	VBP	do	does	5
JJ policy relating to content disputes points out that surveys and votes of this sort are poor ways of VBG editorial conflict .	9	15	VBP	are	is	6
the official mascot of the NNP division is NNP NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
a NN floor with a hard surface provides protection from serious injuries rather than minor injuries .	2	7	VBZ	provides	provide	5
apart from the lake , several attractions on the shores of the lake are the NNP national park known for its scenic beauty in summer and the winter sports of skiing , the NN VBG centre at NNP , the active centres of NNP and NNP .	6	13	VBP	are	is	7
NNS may be broadly defined as JJ or JJ small molecules ; the JJ nature of some NNS allows them to form structures such as NNS , NNS , or NNS in an JJ environment .	14	18	VBZ	allows	allow	4
the combination of the behaviour and `` possible '' result is sufficient confirmation .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
the most JJ aspect for recovery in patients with severe NN is rapid diagnosis and appropriate treatment .	3	11	VBZ	is	are	8
the entries at the top of this page regarding what is happening on the new server are very useful , but would have more meaning if a date was added to each entry .	1	16	VBP	are	is	15
the date and name of the woman is unknown , but the marriage was soon VBN .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the values and culture of us technology resources are its soul and identity .	1	8	VBP	are	is	7
county route CD NNS from albany street by heading south on route CD while route 27 and county route NNP continue east , VBG with route 18 ( memorial parkway ) a quarter of a mile later .	3	20	VBP	continue	continues	17
part of the NNP fort is now a heritage hotel , after its restoration by NNP hotels .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
the NN type and file extension is identical , thus applications reading this file format need to interpret the embedded information on the color model .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
finally , the food matrix itself can be protective like in the cheese , where the JJ environment , high fat content and VBG capacity of the matrix helps to protect the JJ cells both in the product and during JJ transit .	17	28	VBZ	helps	help	11
the goal of a shell balance is to determine the velocity profile of the flow .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the way it is now , is perfect for them ( an afd where keep NNS delete results in delete ) .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
during festivals and in formal ceremonies , which involve dances for males , the long house space is VBN ; the centre of the long house is the most important area where the dance takes place .	21	26	VBZ	is	are	5
they held that external differences such as rank and wealth are of no importance in social relationships .	4	10	VBP	are	is	6
his history , however , is not all vandalism ; he has at least one constructive edit that i can see .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the largest group in the region is the NNPS .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
it does seem that some pov has VBN in ; but a brief look at the books and scholar results is enough to indicate that this is significant enough to VB an article .	13	20	VBZ	is	are	7
the appearance of the game 's protagonist is not only nearly identical to the NN , but the game 's cave environments and plot , which VBZ around the main character VBG an ancient treasure , are very similar to his NNS .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
on june 28 , 2010 , the court held , on a JJ vote , that the method through which NNP members are removed from the board VBZ the united states constitution 's separation of powers .	17	27	VBZ	violates	violate	10
articles in this category are about software companies whose primary focus in the promotion of software is on promoting free software .	10	16	VBZ	is	are	6
also , [ the poles ] consider that the german influence in budapest and prague is too powerful [ .	10	15	VBZ	is	are	5
the next day , NNP 's attorney , arthur dean , informs gene that , as NN of the estate , he must look after NNP 's three NN boys .	6	11	VBZ	informs	inform	5
a large segment of the NNP party maintains the viewpoint that the turkish empire should be based only on the principle of islam and NNP .	2	7	VBZ	maintains	maintain	5
the final type of interaction of a ray with an atom is a `` reflection '' , designated by an `` r '' .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
reference to the washington post is JJ at best .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
most environmental groups involved with the NN plan , as well as the national forest service , believe that the long term benefits of removing the dam far VBP the short term damage done by JJ NN .	2	17	VBP	believe	believes	15
in NNP 's recent poetry a concern for the specific nature of the political NN of poetry is a NN topic .	6	17	VBZ	is	are	11
VBG gear ( or `` turning gear '' ) is the mechanism provided to VB the turbine generator shaft at a very low speed after unit NNS .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
local school in the NNP has the most students .	1	5	VBZ	has	have	4
despite what amounts to a JJ character assassination by some media outlets and , RB , even some members of our government , i believe dr .	18	24	VBP	believe	believes	6
best development of mountain NN is on loose , JJ , JJ soils with adequate NN , and in british columbia , on thick and very JJ organic matter and JJ wood .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the composition of the editorial committee VBZ regularly among european legal network members .	1	6	VBZ	rotates	rotate	5
the area around the NNP NNP gate is one of the historic districts ( NN ) of milan ; the NN had its own coat of arms , NN red .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
most hydrogen atoms bound in water molecules have a single NN for a nucleus .	2	7	VBP	have	has	5
population trends in other lakes are unknown .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
countries with registered fishing vessels that employ NNP generally agree to set up a fisheries monitoring center ( NNP ) , which has a data network connection to the NNP of other states .	0	9	VBP	agree	agrees	9
the origin of the description NNP or `` JJ great '' is unclear .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
it goes against all conventional JJ wisdom to do such , especially on a project where the potential for promoting political agenda and bias is one of its greatest NNS .	17	24	VBZ	is	are	7
NNP duck cartoon , ali baba NNP , has a similar NN to the concept of the JJ magical cave .	2	8	VBZ	has	have	6
however , the history of JJ art is short , and can only be dated a couple of hundred years back .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the NN of an NN matrix is itself an NN , thus the RB smallest possible magnitude of the NN of an JJ NN matrix is one , hence where NNS exist they do not become RB large ( see condition number ) .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the louisiana state university rugby team or NNP rugby team represents louisiana state university in JJ rugby .	5	10	VBZ	represents	represent	5
the simple design of the language makes it easier to learn and use than most JJ NN languages , while complicated JJ processing is often done with one of the more JJ programming languages .	2	6	VBZ	makes	make	4
the inner chamber of the NNP NNP contains the NN of NNP and shah NNP .	2	7	VBZ	contains	contain	5
students who have been expelled are no longer eligible to visit the school and attend or perform any activity with any students or staff who are with the school .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
the highest point on the island is the tall NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the latin text of the NNP is a representative of the western NN in NNP NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
at the same time , the producer is attempting to lower the amount of NN and NNS used on the fields so that organisms and JJ activity have a chance to establish themselves in the soil and habitat ( green , et al .	23	27	VBP	have	has	4
these six churches , while being in NN with one another , are RB independent .	2	12	VBP	are	is	10
it has been found that intensity has an effect on what fuel the body uses and what kind of NNS the body makes after exercise .	17	22	VBZ	makes	make	5
a fast version of `` the death of NNP '' is the background music for level 8 of the video game descent ( 1995 ) .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
this may well be true that a lot of the coverage VBZ around NNP .	7	11	VBZ	revolves	revolve	4
track NNS , intended for indoor or outdoor cycle tracks or NNS , are RB simple compared with road NNS .	1	13	VBP	are	is	12
one NN method which can be used to VB iv estimates is JJ NNS ( CD or NNP ) .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
high levels of the JJ essential amino acid NN are a health NN to those born with NNS ( NNP ) , a rare inherited disease that prevents NN from being properly VBN .	1	9	VBP	are	is	8
the JJ NN 's sequence , more formally known as the central JJ numbers , describes the maximum number of pieces of a circle ( a NN or NN is usually used to describe the situation ) that can be made with a given number of straight cuts .	4	15	VBZ	describes	describe	11
it seems that NNS of the NNS have at some time switched from NNS by fire to NN of JJ NNS ; however , the reason for such change is unknown .	3	7	VBP	have	has	4
rolls '' ( as introduced in in the NNP 2 ) , which appear to be VBN , green and yellow holds , must be rapidly VBN ( like a NN , hence the name ) for them to count .	0	13	VBP	appear	appears	13
the majority of the student body , especially troy 's best friend , chad NNP , VBZ troy to lead east high to victory .	1	16	VBZ	expects	expect	15
the degree to which each high level task is broken down into lower level tasks is dependent on the availability of NNP for the successive individual branches .	1	15	VBZ	is	are	14
another key part of this theory is that it VBZ the law of the excluded middle , which means that there are no partial members of a class , you are either in or out .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP representations of partial NNS have many applications in VBG problems for systems of tasks with ordering constraints .	1	5	VBP	have	has	4
such copyright as exists on this is likely very thin , as these people did not make up these relationships , but it is their structure that has been appropriate .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
other common JJ complaints , including NN , NN and mild NN are less serious and rarely require NN of NN .	3	12	VBP	are	is	9
the purpose of the meeting is to establish a list of candidates for the village 's board .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the article seems to be VBG the assertion that the number of scholars having this belief is small .	10	16	VBZ	is	are	6
the general rule , as NNP says , is that the established style should be kept .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the view that the NNP NN is concerned with three related subjects , instead , leaves more room to NNS into the dates of the respective JJ portions .	1	15	VBZ	leaves	leave	14
the school he started with 60 students is now the top most school of NNP .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
an NN boy from the neighbourhood tea NN identifies r .	2	8	VBZ	identifies	identify	6
new songs such as `` almost NNP '' , `` get to you '' and `` murder at the disco '' show a significant change in style .	16	21	VBZ	show	shows	5
the miami JJ track , produced by the black mob , has NNP making some serious demands on her men in a slow and steady florida flow .	3	11	VBZ	has	have	8
a complete list of NNP 's CD printed papers is in NNP ( 1896 ) .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the upper surface of the lateral part presents an oval NN , the JJ NN , which VBZ the NN canal and is sometimes crossed by an JJ NN for the NN , NN , and JJ NNS .	2	7	VBZ	presents	present	5
some theories concerning king arthur make him a leader in this area .	1	5	VBP	make	makes	4
her previous husband , NNP NNP , is the father of her daughter , NNP NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the age distribution , , in NNP is ; 23 children or 5 .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the us 12 '' version is unusual in that the pattern of beats in the song produces a JJ NN effect in the vinyl .	10	16	VBZ	produces	produce	6
a long-term field study of the green NN , NNP NN , provides support for this hypothesis .	3	12	VBZ	provides	provide	9
the members of the tribe are small to medium in size , and all are native to NNP , australia in particular , but also new zealand , new NNP , and nearby islands .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
children as well as adults experience feelings of NN , worry , and fear when facing different situations , especially those involving new experiences .	0	5	VBP	experience	experiences	5
other sample surveys on the adult population of NNP showed that residents of some urban areas have NNP levels that are JJ times higher than reference values .	11	16	VBP	have	has	5
for a time the advocates of jewish NN seem to have lost heart .	4	8	VBP	seem	seems	4
lyrics for `` the NN '' are on the other side along with individual sketches of the band members by dave jeffrey .	0	6	VBP	are	is	6
a live version of `` zoo station '' from the NNP tour also appears as a b-side on the NN single for `` window in the NNS '' .	2	13	VBZ	appears	appear	11
the only thing remaining of the old competition is the three NNP cup competitions , who now function as a qualifying round to the NNP cup .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the diesel engines which NNP group previously manufactured and installed are in the list of discontinued NNP group diesel engines article .	2	10	VBP	are	is	8
some ways of scoring trees also include a `` cost '' associated with particular types of evolutionary events and attempt to locate the tree with the smallest total cost .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
films in this genre include american NNP 2 and even wedding NNP .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
according to local NN , the name `` NNP NNP '' is a hebrew NN for teacher , clerk , and author , reflecting the JJ population of the early years .	6	11	VBZ	is	are	5
the mass of the NNP NN is proportional to h , so the NNP NN becomes RB massive and NNS , so is not present in the discussion .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the difference in NN current is several orders of magnitude .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the fact that a rape might be important in a particular story is irrelevant .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
contracts that VBP `` unlimited '' data usage often have limits detailed in a fair usage policy .	0	9	VBP	have	has	9
the main highway from the malaysian border west of NNP NNP to NNP town passes south of the municipality .	2	14	VBZ	passes	pass	12
sources may have been VBN , which could end lives directly or RB , intelligence operations may have been VBN , and the plans of the government that should not have seen light for many years are now in the open .	23	36	VBP	are	is	13
i think that the candidates of specific parties are a viable encyclopedia topic .	4	8	VBP	are	is	4
the foundation ( NNP ) is an active one .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
unless the husband of the bride , that is NNP , returns her before the month is up , then all of NNP would be saved , except for her husband who must die .	2	11	VBZ	returns	return	9
reactions with other NNS , such as carbon , nitrogen , NN , silicon , and hydrogen , are generally JJ and proceed upon heating .	0	18	VBP	are	is	18
two plays of the medieval NNP NNP cycle contain an account of the flight into egypt , and the one found in the NNP NNP contains the only dramatic representation of the return from egypt .	1	8	VBP	contain	contains	7
members of the NNP family still attend the church services .	0	6	VBP	attend	attends	6
the people VBG the NNP district are predominantly JJ farmers VBG mainly food and cash crops such as rice , VB , wheat , NNS , NNS , NN and vegetables .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
the NNP programs do not VB computer problems not due to memory ; a problem due to a cpu or NN problem is likely to make NNP crash .	14	22	VBZ	is	are	8
this way , if the problem is either the specific hardware , or the manufacturer 's drivers , you 've replaced both , and should have a decent test bed for comparison .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
your usage of edit summaries is JJ though .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
in may 2012 it was agreed that newport county football club would VB from newport stadium and play its home NNS at NNP parade in an initial three-year deal , the first time that the stadium would host association football matches on a regular basis .	32	40	VBZ	matches	match	8
the most JJ building in the cadet area is the JJ cadet chapel .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
perhaps the best way to state our differences is with a diagram of the JJ functions .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
but a page ban for a day even is not appropriate .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
the attraction of insects to artificial light is one of the most well known examples of the effect of light at night on organisms .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the objectives of the NNP project are to enhance the JJ warfare capabilities and to meet the operational requirements of the turkish navy .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
they language of the population of NN speaks the language central atlas NNP .	1	7	VBZ	speaks	speak	6
the main settlement on the peninsula is NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
if you want to VB your apartment to potential NNS the place to do so is on your own web site .	11	15	VBZ	is	are	4
web , and the attempt at outside NN is JJ JJ .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
a new student , chase collins , arrives at NNP from california , and he is a champion swimmer .	2	7	VBZ	arrives	arrive	5
the first seal is broken and the first of the four living creatures introduces a white horse whose crowned rider , equipped with a bow , goes out to VB .	19	26	VBZ	goes	go	7
finally , the collapse of a few walls and part of the roof of the NNS seems to have VBN the end for the complex some time in the JJ period .	3	16	VBZ	seems	seem	13
if any information in the article is potentially harmful to mr .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
JJ fit this definition and NNP deserves to be VBN ( and have an article ) .	1	6	VBZ	deserves	deserve	5
the purpose of the continuous harassment is not totally clear , but it might have something to do with the pa 's declared NN against NNP and any of its NNS .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
code banks in the home NN are usually JJ , or even JJ if they contain no constant data , but all activities will have the right to VB them .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
the general method of VBG NNS is still effective here .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
close relatives of the gulf JJ snake are the JJ JJ snake ( regina VBP NN ) and the delta JJ snake ( regina VBP NN ) .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
though the kerala government provides the funding and support for the academy , the administration of the academy is autonomous according to its constitution .	14	18	VBZ	is	are	4
the german language used by prussian NNP belongs to the low prussian dialect of low german , NNP des NNS VBP .	2	18	VBZ	des	de	16
the shield to the power alignment is a type of bomb weapon that VBZ the ship in a ring of NNS .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
it also is the first style to really incorporate linked fa jin striking , whereas styles such as NNP NN chi NN , NNP , and NNP tend to use singular or dual fa jin strikes .	15	27	VBP	tend	tends	12
the original driving force behind this race is alex NNP of edmonton , who was the first north american NN to wear the yellow jersey in the tour de france .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the direct cause of the reduced habitat is partly due to improvement of land management practices and control of fire in the NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
at the moment the script has some bugs and not every error on this page is an actual error .	11	15	VBZ	is	are	4
princess of wales ( ) is a british courtesy title held by the wife of the prince of wales since the first JJ prince of wales in CD .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
the goals of france NNP are to provide french courses abroad , to achieve all these projects , the universities will created a summer program in embedded systems and a master in NN .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
NNP 's daughter , NNP NNP , resides in switzerland , has visited ukraine several times , and has been honored for her historical writings .	2	7	VBZ	resides	reside	5
another similarity with the NN is the narrow head , which might indicate a selective diet consisting of NN NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
it depends on where you download it from and what their stand on the matter is , most will let you create a normal cd version but some wo n't , VBG the track to your pc or an NNP player .	11	15	VBZ	is	are	4
larger mammals such as humans and horses are usually JJ hosts or play a minor role in JJ transmission , however in the case of NNP VBP VBZ the virus is mainly VBN in horses .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
entire awards section ( a JJ 4 sentences ) sounds like a JJ auto commercial with the NNP NNP commodore ss also claimed motor magazine 's 2006 bang for your NNS award for best value performance car .	2	9	VBZ	sounds	sound	7
the size of the NN is only 1 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the cross , erected by the scouts in time of national NN after the polish air force NNP crash before the presidential palace in warsaw VBZ .	1	25	VBZ	disappears	disappear	24
the form in which NNP grey is published now is the revised 1853 edition , which was severely VBN and , according to critic NNP burton , lost much of the NN and NN of the 1826 edition .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
although the exterior of the NNP du NNP is rough and relatively JJ , the NNS took care to ensure that the interior of the water NN was as smooth as possible so that the flow of water would not be VBN .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
thus , the two NNS of this enzyme are atp and NN , whereas its two products are NNP and NNP .	4	8	VBP	are	is	4
also , the majority of your nominating statement is not relevant -- everything after the first sentence -- and should be struck .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
NNP is successful , although while the portal to the zone is open the NNS are forced to drive back the entity NNP , who attempts to escape the zone .	7	11	VBZ	is	are	4
the opening credits state , `` the sounds of the NN are by boris NNP .	7	11	VBP	are	is	4
police vehicles for riot control often have the regular glass replaced with NN to protect the NNS from thrown objects .	1	6	VBP	have	has	5
another article on this band exists .	1	5	VBZ	exists	exist	4
friend of the sea is an international JJ organization which seeks to VB the marine NN by working with fisheries and fish companies .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
his histories of northwestern people are valuable for modern day folk because they show the opinions of the time , which differ from the opinions of our own .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the major classification for finding law cases is the west american NNP system .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
although her relationship with lee NNP reflects this aspect of her personality , NNP is also revealed as a firm NN and an JJ individual in her relationship with NNP , who is the p .	2	6	VBZ	reflects	reflect	4
other names in common use include JJ NN VBZ a NN , JJ JJ NN , JJ JJ NN , JJ NN , and JJ NN .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
they include compression and NN of data block by block using NN at sending and receiving ends , and support for NNS such as NN that enables JJ transmission of JJ and efficient differential data using NN algorithm .	19	26	VBZ	enables	enable	7
nearly all articles within the scope of christianity are also within the scope of this new NN .	2	8	VBP	are	is	6
higher education is almost JJ of , although certain universities in egypt and south africa have excellent NNS .	9	15	VBP	have	has	6
velocity measurement of blood flow in NNS and NNS based on NNP effect is an effective tool for diagnosis of JJ problems like NN .	1	13	VBZ	is	are	12
anyway , i 'd say that among those people who RB use the internet - and i think wikipedians fit that description by default - the majority knows at least enough english to get by .	21	27	VBZ	knows	know	6
the primary issue with all legislative proposals is whether the congress has the constitutional authority to grant the district voting representation .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
however , the effects of NNP on JJ NNS are still largely JJ .	3	9	VBP	are	is	6
consequently , the image that was briefly traced out by the main gun continues to be displayed after it has occurred .	3	13	VBZ	continues	continue	10
the members of the group all come from NNP and NNP NNP counties .	1	6	VBP	come	comes	5
this article about an internationally acclaimed film appears like a JJ fish , but has the potential to become great like a dragon .	1	7	VBZ	appears	appear	6
the main access point to the islands is at NNP an NNP .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the third reference that supports the claim is to a NNP magazine `` what we 're reading , '' article , other `` what we 're reading , '' articles found on the magazines NN do not contain reviews of the books they mention .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
it should continue to be a redirect to whatever the eventual title of this article is .	11	15	VBZ	is	are	4
a table of contents of another five books , continuing the history to the death of leo vi the wise in CD , also exists , but whether the books were ever actually written is JJ .	1	24	VBZ	exists	exist	23
only players who have participated in the previous season 's NNP championship are eligible for selection ; this makes it effectively a NNP all-star team .	1	12	VBP	are	is	11
but some dialects , for example , dialects of northern NNP and eastern NNP , typically have a JJ low tone in JJ words ; VBN NNS have a high tone , with low tone on either side , rather like english stress accent .	2	16	VBP	have	has	14
it could be good that people that put such notices have a basic knowledge about the domain they are talking about .	5	10	VBP	have	has	5
the NN NNP ( united states volunteers ) means the grade was awarded in the volunteer army which constituted almost the entire union army .	1	8	VBZ	means	mean	7
the only telephone provider in NNP guinea is orange .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the task of replacing it with the appropriate NN tag is completely JJ and thus is RB suited for a bot , but would be JJ and NN for a human .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
belarus , a NN , generally flat country ( the average elevation is above sea level ) without natural borders , occupies an area of , or slightly smaller than the united kingdom or the state of kansas .	7	21	VBZ	occupies	occupy	14
NNP 's tree frog ( NNP NNP ) is a species of tree frog of family NNP .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
one reason for the sudden increase in the discovery of NNP species is improved analysis methods , often based on prior finds , dna work , and a better understanding of where such remains might exist .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
the wikipedia page on world war ii has a short NN , though one hardly adequate to the importance of the subject .	2	7	VBZ	has	have	5
the title of the article is hanover , new hampshire , and the logs do not show that the page has ever been moved .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
often the justification for VBG or leaving out an opposing viewpoint is that it is merely one contributor 's pov , even when it is a published one .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
NNS with higher NN content and growing the crop in large field blocks are solutions used to combat the birds .	0	13	VBP	are	is	13
the map in the book is under copyright ) .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the major areas within which NN is practiced ( industry , government , NN ) provides the framework for the three forums within which NNP members may raise items for discussion by the NNP board .	9	15	VBZ	provides	provide	6
his brother ( originally JJ ) is uncle john the baptist .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
routes CD and CD continue RB west .	0	4	VBP	continue	continues	4
NNS NN page instead of the his page is an excellent solution .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the objective of the game is to take care of a virtual baby through certain tasks as feeding , NN , and teaching just like a real father or mother would do .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
records for his NNP estates relate that his death was `` after the feast of st peter and to the feast of the NNP st NNP '' .	0	5	VBP	relate	relates	5
some women who are listed at NNP requests are .	1	8	VBP	are	is	7
the article and section ancient egyptian religion uses a commons image ( la FW de NNP VBD .	1	7	VBZ	uses	use	6
the principal NNS of the NNP river are NNP creek , mill creek , and little NNP creek ; they VBP into the NNP river watershed in the order listed .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
no source provided for this image and no description , shows characteristics of being an independent illustration , and not something done by the u .	1	10	VBZ	shows	show	9
with a canal fully VBG a portion of the island from the rest of it , davis islands is technically an archipelago , hence the plural form `` islands '' in its name .	2	18	VBZ	is	are	16
her husband , dr john hall , is suspicious of their relationship , but stands up for his wife when she takes her NN to court for NN .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the most widely known interpretation of quantum mechanics is the copenhagen interpretation put forward by NNP NNP .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
effective temperature of a star or planet is the temperature of an ideal black body that would VB the same total amount of electromagnetic radiation .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the stories all deal with the JJ relationships of humans and other animals , most often how a NN animal comes into the life of a person just when it is needed the most .	3	20	VBZ	comes	come	17
the NNP 's track him down and NNP 's team follows .	3	10	VBZ	follows	follow	7
derby 's flower beetle ( NNP NNP ) is a JJ species of flower NN .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
he was responsible for the design and construction of the company 's first iron works during the years 1861 through 1863 .	5	14	VBZ	works	work	9
a wing of the NNP contains the NNP theatre since the reconstruction of the NNP after world war ii .	1	5	VBZ	contains	contain	4
although the term is NN of `` NN '' , its common use in basque mainly refers to basque nationalism , and this is the only specific meaning of this word in spanish .	12	16	VBZ	refers	refer	4
this type of german school , the NNP , is generally an JJ public vocational school , controlled by the german federal government .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the b 96 federal road between NNP and NNP is also connected via an access road to the a 20 motorway .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
the province 's far eastern is where the NNP meets the NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the most famous example of a flying bomb is the german NNP , many of which targeted london in 1944 during world war ii .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
the NNS with JJ one are exactly the NN unions of NNS .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the north side of the nave contains a blocked NN with a NN window to its right and a JJ window to the left .	2	6	VBZ	contains	contain	4
editors who repeatedly VBP unsourced or poorly sourced material about a living person are subject to a block from editing , and edits which remove such content are JJ from the JJ rule .	0	13	VBP	are	is	13
the history of NNP NNP dates back to the early 20th century .	1	5	VBZ	dates	date	4
support , as this is JJ international news .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
the question of whether a JJ preparation can ever be effective is a topic for another article .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
the primary NN , perhaps , for VBG JJ from other types of erosion models is the use of the NN continuity equation discussed below .	2	15	VBZ	is	are	13
in NNP 's NNP , the punishment for the JJ is to have their eyes VB shut with wire because they have gained JJ pleasure from seeing others brought low .	6	10	VBZ	is	are	4
my way of doing things is simple .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
his personal best throw in shot put is 20 .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
glory NNP '' video , the lamb appears on the door before jesse NNP enters the bar .	3	14	VBZ	enters	enter	11
elementary and high school students in the area have the opportunity to discover their musical skills through the north peace performing arts festival which runs for almost two weeks in march .	4	8	VBP	have	has	4
the idea of god within is an idea NN to most interpretations of NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
but , in the end , i think the relationship between the project and irc is one that VBZ NN .	9	15	VBZ	is	are	6
NN of the NN leads to JJ NN terms JJ NNS due to chronic exposure to the pressures of NNP NN .	0	4	VBZ	leads	lead	4
reflection ( 1885 , oil on canvas , 8 x 10 '' ) depicts a JJ lying on NNS before a pool of water .	4	13	VBZ	depicts	depict	9
a NN NN is a JJ NN in which no union of k NNS is larger than the union of the k largest rank levels , or , RB , the NN has a maximum JJ consisting of k rank levels .	10	14	VBZ	is	are	4
this explains why the first n elements of each of these families define sets of JJ NNS in n variables that are free JJ NNS of that ring of JJ NNS .	6	12	VBP	define	defines	6
the atlas beetle , NNP atlas , is a species of beetle belonging to the NNP family .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
a person with severe NN has difficulty VBG everyday sounds , some of which may seem RB loud to that person but not to others .	1	5	VBZ	has	have	4
the only JJ NNS on the island are seals , specifically the southern elephant seal and antarctic fur seal , which both breed on the island .	3	7	VBP	are	is	4
order of saint barbara is a military honor society of the us for both the us army and the us marine corps artillery , including field artillery and air defense artillery .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
the word `` JJ '' is a NN of the words `` information '' and `` commercial '' .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
each summer , musicians from the five active naval reserve bands come together to form the national band of the naval reserve and perform throughout canada .	3	11	VBP	come	comes	8
the request for a picture is of little importance but the inclusion of the importance assessment would be nice but not all editors agree .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the lateral ridge of the NN NN is very rough , and runs almost RB JJ to the base of the greater NN .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the final parts of NNP saga make NNP son of NNP a contemporary of NNP NNP of denmark .	2	6	VBP	make	makes	4
the NN structure of the production department , with component NN , NN , assembly and the electrical department as well as an international marketing network , permits the firm to cover every part of the VBN value chain .	2	27	VBZ	permits	permit	25
this is why every russian president visiting the republic takes part in the NNP held in NNP .	5	9	VBZ	takes	take	4
the winning team of the nba finals receives the o'brien trophy , and has since the portland trail NNPS won it in 1977 .	2	7	VBZ	receives	receive	5
in this case the group of fixed points is also the group of points of a VBN ( NN ) form of x defined over a finite field .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
a short trail around the mill connects historical exhibits about life in rural virginia .	2	6	VBZ	connects	connect	4
NNP stem cells , but not red blood cells or JJ NNS , are JJ to tissue culture plastic within 24 to 48 hours .	2	13	VBP	are	is	11
performers in this style include the NNP , the NNP , the NNP conservatory band , and the maxwell street NNP band .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
in the morning , NNS , knights , and the lady of the underground kingdom appear from out of the fountain .	4	15	VBP	appear	appears	11
increase in JJ size , wave height , JJ height , and JJ zone NN from the up coast NN generally VBZ the NN NN curved part of the beach .	14	21	VBZ	characterizes	characterize	7
the meanings of these bits depend on what type of VBG is VBN on the channel .	1	5	VBP	depend	depends	4
anthony 's children , johnny NNP and NNP NNP , hate trevor and blame him for their pain and anger towards their father .	2	10	VBP	hate	hates	8
the centre of the village contains a CD foot handball alley .	1	5	VBZ	contains	contain	4
a more recent development ( which suits a small number of applications better ) allows for NN VBG to be used to apply a NN seal to a container without the need for a closure .	3	14	VBZ	allows	allow	11
other reviewers , like publishers weekly , while calling the book a `` JJ NN , '' suggest that NNP 's main target are `` scholars who dominate american universities ( most notably eric NNP ) '' .	1	17	VBP	suggest	suggests	16
the truth of his NN and trigger is obscure , because most who have seen it are dead .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
NNP personality traits , such as NN , NN , NN , NN , NN , JJ behavior , and a need to be VBN are also generally considered NN .	2	25	VBP	are	is	23
sources ( such as they are ) are trivial and fail to establish the importance or significance of this site .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
NNP the JJ question , because clearly it add nothing to the debate .	3	8	VBZ	add	adds	5
if you believe a statement with an inline reference is incorrect then never change the statement in such a way that it RB looks like the reference supports your change .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
NN it is unclear whether he is stating that his father , minister NNP , gives him authority to VB NNP or he is revealing to the readers that NNP is his own father .	10	15	VBZ	gives	give	5
a large section of JJ NNP NN NN et NN NN .	2	8	VBZ	et	et	6
the highest counts for sole or primary NN are 31 , 23 , 17 .	2	8	VBP	are	is	6
many sailing schools and yacht clubs own a number of them and they are the first boat most NNS will sail .	2	6	VBP	own	owns	4
a political philosophy which advocates property rights and voluntary association as the foundation of society , and generally VBZ NN and NN .	2	18	VBZ	opposes	oppose	16
the ticket to observation deck is NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
thousands of print shops and digital NNS now offer services to painters , NNS , and digital artists around the world .	0	8	VBP	offer	offers	8
camp students , along with the accomplished musicians who make up the faculty , perform each year during the w .	1	14	VBP	perform	performs	13
some stands of pure pine exist on the highest ground , some above sea level ; the lowest NNS are at , around the confluence of the two rivers .	1	5	VBP	exist	exists	4
the main NNS of the NNP river are NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , and NNP on the right , and NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , and tom on the left .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
in most countries , the drug used to treat NN is JJ .	5	10	VBZ	is	are	5
the color sequence , blue then yellow , is the same as given by NNP in world VBD at tennis .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the nose in this one has a NN and his top hat is curved here and there is a NN in the NN .	1	5	VBZ	has	have	4
the only thing that will reverse this is another hit in the head .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
wrong side of the road is a 1981 NN feature film made in south australia in 1980 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
games between the basque clubs and NNP club usa NNP are always hard fought .	0	10	VBP	are	is	10
the leading hypothesis for their formation is NN , the rising of `` NNS '' of less dense material through a NN of NN material .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the song 's character , tracy NNP , takes `` the first train to NNP '' and stands `` on the NN '' .	3	8	VBZ	takes	take	5
on a clear day the view from NNP watch at hill NNP extends up to the southern coast of sri lanka .	5	12	VBZ	extends	extend	7
this JJ , JJ article on a band , that only says that they were JJ '' , was NNP under a7 .	4	11	VBZ	says	say	7
the maximum temperature that NNP salmon can survive for short periods is .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
the note i left was clear that just adding links to the NN page would not solve the problem ( i could have done that ) ; the automatic population of the archive template is what needs to be restored .	29	34	VBZ	is	are	5
according to new york times editorial page editor andrew NNP in an interview ( story begins at minute 16 ) with allan NNP , `` the one thing that makes NNP NNP crazy is when nobody gives her the credit for having written NNP .	27	33	VBZ	is	are	6
the statistical area `` NNP '' , which also can include the surrounding countryside , has a population of around 700 .	2	15	VBZ	has	have	13
properties in the process of being sold or let are likewise JJ .	0	9	VBP	are	is	9
syrian NNP student who assassinated general NNP is also there .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
its appearance in north america thus VBZ the bulk of the JJ exchange between north and south america .	1	6	VBZ	predates	predate	5
the ruins of the large NNP ranch are in NNP state park east of NNP valley .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
actually the content of this product is similar to VB typical not only for greece but also for turkey , macedonia and bulgaria , and still differs in its taste and health benefits of real bulgarian NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
at a first NN , one might think that the second variant of the algorithm is slower than the first , since it changes the value of some of the entries twice .	11	15	VBZ	is	are	4
lake of the woods is a world class NN .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
carrier concentrations and NN NN of NNP are similar to NNP .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
IN the NN , young JJ warrior , rick , falls in love with JJ princess , NNP .	6	10	VBZ	falls	fall	4
the central core of the system is a series of enclosed shopping centres , and the city 's flagship department stores .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the constituency he represented , the first of the northern NNP is the biggest in NNP , having about 16 , 000 people .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
the brothers ' plot fails , mainly because the brothers see themselves as NNS and JJ men , not NNS .	4	10	VBP	see	sees	6
the spiral interior of the shell acts as NN , and a NN is created either by breaking off the point of the shell ( JJ NN ) or by VBG a small hole in the body ( JJ NN ) .	2	6	VBZ	acts	act	4
the part of a base load represents NN .	1	6	VBZ	represents	represent	5
this misleading information was probably added by editors in good faith , VBG that any station that makes up the circle is on the ring line .	15	21	VBZ	is	are	6
VBG actual truth from that NN of confusion is simply not going to happen .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the primary producers of these NNS are vehicle emissions , power plants , and industrial activities .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
variable weather effects in fall , winter and spring months affect the movement rate of combat units .	2	10	VBP	affect	affects	8
in result , the service life of this kind of drawing dies is greatly longer than the general grade NNP .	5	12	VBZ	is	are	7
the JJ addition reaction of hydrogen NN to 1 , JJ above room temperature leads predominantly to the RB more stable 1 , 4 NN , JJ , but VBG the reaction temperature to below room temperature VBZ the JJ 1 , 2 NN , CD .	3	14	VBZ	leads	lead	11
this is not the case because the reviewers of such publishing NNS usually catch factual mistakes .	7	13	VBP	catch	catches	6
a musician of south asian descent named NNP NNP , wears one on a regular basis .	1	10	VBZ	wears	wear	9
when an option is written , the premium received by the writer is an immediate capital gain .	7	12	VBZ	is	are	5
the main thing of this city is city park .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the song `` when it hits home '' draws influence from the 1997 film the devil 's advocate .	1	8	VBZ	draws	draw	7
the ruins of the NNP FW NNP ( NNP ' palace ) and of the older church of santa maria are also present .	1	20	VBP	are	is	19
another possible technology that can aid in reducing space debris is JJ NN of satellites .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
because the motion to VB is a JJ stage in the course of a rule JJ case , the NNS for NNS and NNS argue RB over the rules that VBP such motion to VB .	19	24	VBP	argue	argues	5
one song she sang in her final at the NNP NNP grand prix and the other is a piano version of her own song `` NNP e no NNP '' .	1	16	VBZ	is	are	15
apparently , some cities with a large historical japanese presence have a VBN version of their name .	3	10	VBP	have	has	7
but meadows ' lack of critical distance from his subject pays off in NNS by allowing him to capture the passion the roses NN in their fans .	3	10	VBZ	pays	pay	7
increase and reduction of the heat transfer area is simple in a plate NN , through the addition or removal of plates from the stack .	0	8	VBZ	is	are	8
the only facility which is still used for railway research is the JJ JJ test facility .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
the main building within this castle is the governor 's house ( raj NNP ) in which gerald NNP , the first governor of bombay used to stay .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the square cut or square leg style suit is a JJ male NN used as a slightly more conservative style than swim NNS for water polo and diving , or for recreational wear .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the name applied by [ [ united kingdom antarctic NNP committee ] ] ( NNP ) is JJ of the island in plan ; it is deeply JJ , with steep cliff faces .	1	16	VBZ	is	are	15
he cited social science research that has shown that a community that is more diverse is more successful economically and felt that passing the resolution would be `` a small step toward making our community known nationally as one that is JJ .	10	15	VBZ	is	are	5
while development in the area today includes numerous residential communities and commercial sites along the major NNS into town , many of the older structures from its past remain within the town limits .	1	6	VBZ	includes	include	5
the NN of the three men towers above the ground , measures 90 by , and is VBN into the mountain .	1	11	VBZ	measures	measure	10
if the cost of removing these NNS of production and distribution is more than the gain , then it is not JJ to remove them .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
several nations , especially in the caribbean , have their own NNP languages , derived from european languages and various african NNS .	1	8	VBP	have	has	7
the first is to recognize that the purpose of a citation is to provide an explicit reference to the statement it 's attached to .	7	11	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP terrace , erected in 1883 , is a curious NN of the anticipated 19th century population boom .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
click the content NN , then where it says settings beside NNP .	3	8	VBZ	says	say	5
also , NNP and n NNS ( quick lock or VBN ) are very important to the NNP and NNP industry , and have nothing to do with internal cell phone electronics .	5	12	VBP	are	is	7
a JJ approach to the study of JJ functions is the consideration of NNS they satisfy .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
in this work , NNP tried to show that changes in material conditions , such as the introduction of steam power , produce changes in intellectual development .	9	22	VBP	produce	produces	13
surgical treatment for JJ benefit is an option in some cases after the disease has been inactive for one to two or more years .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP is JJ NN , and the one who invented the NN realizes this .	7	12	VBZ	realizes	realize	5
angel 's girlfriend ( NNP NNP ) , who rides a motorcycle NN , recognizes NNP and shows him a poster she made of newspaper articles about his police career .	2	14	VBZ	recognizes	recognize	12
different countries ( and even different universities in the same country ) have different names for their degrees .	1	12	VBP	have	has	11
the founder of winners ' chapel , bishop david NNP believes that a divine vision told him to hold such a gathering .	1	10	VBZ	believes	believe	9
given that the confidence levels surrounding all of the NNS are wide , virtually all NNS are effectively VBN within the uncertainty previously indicated in the NNP .	4	10	VBP	are	is	6
mail originating in the new york region used to move more slowly than that from other regions , but the experience behind that statement is now a couple of decades old .	20	24	VBZ	is	are	4
the central arguments in the abortion debate are JJ or JJ .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
a JJ derivative of JJ acid , NN is in the JJ family of NNS .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the conflict of interest article also explains why creating pages about things related to you is generally a bad idea .	1	6	VBZ	explains	explain	5
the procedure of the NNP is only a study preparatory to the examination of the document itself .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
powers claimed that `` the best moments of this album are those when vintage NNP styles are VBN with new expertise .	6	10	VBP	are	is	4
a team photograph with relatives of current NNP players still survives .	2	10	VBZ	survives	survive	8
the systematic name of this enzyme class is NNP ( NNP ) NN NN .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
JJ NNS used in phrases fall after the noun they are VBG , such as in `` ( the ) great god '' ( '' '' ) .	1	5	VBP	fall	falls	4
execution of a program proceeds NN , VBG r , NNP , and ( q ) as they are encountered , until there is nothing more to VB .	0	4	VBZ	proceeds	proceed	4
the source of the NNP color list strongly appears to be wikipedia itself !	1	8	VBZ	appears	appear	7
the representations of local customs on family NNS are particularly interesting .	1	8	VBP	are	is	7
nearby airports providing scheduled flights are NNP NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP ( in switzerland ) and NNP al NNP airport near NNP .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
a critical challenge of the internet era is the ability to meet the other human being .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
abuse of civil hall of NNP list of actions or comments that NNP NNS with in some way , serves no encyclopedic purpose whatsoever , only serves to promote NN or NNS .	0	19	VBZ	serves	serve	19
although we may never know with complete NN the identity of the winner of this year 's presidential election , the identity of the NN is perfectly clear .	21	25	VBZ	is	are	4
when the VBG branch from the NN nerve is large and continued to the NN of the leg , the JJ branch of the JJ NN is small , and NNS in the NN , occasionally giving off a few JJ NNS .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
the published text of the play includes a NNP , in which the actor speaking the piece is interrupted by three of the audience members sitting on the stage of the NNP .	2	6	VBZ	includes	include	4
arabic is a major language , names of places in this language have significance , sourcing will be readily available .	6	12	VBP	have	has	6
JJ architecture or JJ architecture is a unique strain of art and NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
for example , power plants licensed in the united states require a negative void NN of NN ( this means that if water is removed from the reactor core , the nuclear reaction will tend to shut down , not increase ) .	4	10	VBP	require	requires	6
noted physician and collector hans NNP develops a milk chocolate drink in jamaica which is initially used by NNS , but later sold to the NNP brothers .	1	6	VBZ	develops	develop	5
weak support original , support NN 1 the NN is JJR and shows the tail .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
that full moon thing is one of the many NNS that people who work in hospitals tend to believe .	11	16	VBP	tend	tends	5
thus , for example , the JJ representation of NN ( 2 ) is the defining NN of so ( 3 ) .	7	13	VBZ	is	are	6
her stage name , selected as NNP NNP ' while at dramatic school at 14 , is a composite of theatre actress lynn NNP and author j .	2	16	VBZ	is	are	14
also , issues such as NN and environmental impact need to be taken into account .	2	9	VBP	need	needs	7
a forward freight agreement ( NNP ) is a financial forward contract that allows ship owners , NNS and NNS to VB against the NN of freight rates .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
about user NNP and what he said can be easily checked , if necessary , and the conclusion of that discussion is a little different than what you are saying .	17	21	VBZ	is	are	4
completed in CD or CD , the painting was previously called woman NNP gold before JJ evaluation VBZ that the balance in her hands is empty .	20	24	VBZ	is	are	4
its harbour , situated on the NNP strait , provides services for marine fishing , VBZ NNS and tour NNS along the coast , especially the rocky shore of NNP to the north .	1	9	VBZ	provides	provide	8
a separate , JJ title , woman NNP ( NNP ) , is also available , but is something of a NN .	4	12	VBZ	is	are	8
the goal of the educational system of the college is to VB its members with JJ literacy in the field of economics and social sciences , which makes them competitive anywhere in the world .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the cult of NNP at NNP is ancient .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
as such , the intellectual property of this NN belongs to all europeans across the european world and can be distributed and translated without limitations .	5	9	VBZ	belongs	belong	4
the decoration of the NN 's summit includes a statue of the `` madonna with child '' , between two circles and NNP bands VBG the upper edge .	1	7	VBZ	includes	include	6
part of the reason for the NN of NNP NNS is that mount NNP sits on a major deposit of copper .	0	10	VBZ	is	are	10
i think the question is whether a genre of music played only by one band deserves its own article .	7	15	VBZ	deserves	deserve	8
the east facade of the church , facing route 94 , is a JJ NN with JJ corner NNS and NNP columns .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
popular bars in NNP NNP include NNP bar , rocky bar , amy 's bar , NNP 2 house and NNP bar .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
the NNP solution , for example , is a special case of a solution class that contains three physically arbitrary coordinate functions .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the length of the NNS is JJ .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
an example of a NN is lead NN ( NNP ) , which occurs naturally as lead is formed in the alpha decay of NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
an electric storm VBG in france as a result of the breakdown at one of the electric stations accidentally puts in contact george NNP and NNP NNP who meet each other via the NN .	2	19	VBZ	puts	put	17
the many characters played by JJ actors VBP the story the feel of a documentary .	2	7	VBP	lend	lends	5
most JJ results for perennial and JJ crops conclude that NNS can supplement JJ energy demands and VB NNP emissions to the atmosphere .	2	8	VBP	conclude	concludes	6
some comments of this debate illustrate why the article is needed .	1	5	VBP	illustrate	illustrates	4
NNS RB or RB from the guideline range are appropriate for cases that VBP from the NN of cases .	0	8	VBP	are	is	8
finds VBN from NNP are at the NNP archaeological museum .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
this list of systems engineering books gives a JJ listing of the most general publications on systems engineering since the 1950s .	1	6	VBZ	gives	give	5
publicly protected areas in the watershed include james NNP state park off the NNP parkway and the NNP multiple use area nearby .	2	6	VBP	include	includes	4
the idol of the VBG deity NNP is JJ as it is the only known one in the world to VB NNP in human form .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the NN of the NNP moth , as discovered by NNP , is in NNP 's phrase `` VBN in relation to [ its ] attitude '' , i .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
the front face of the main is a JJ steel plate , which produces a large number fragments when the mine is VBN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
while components sold by these companies have much in common with other audio applications or may market the same products for non ice applications , they are noted for marketing their products specifically for ice use .	1	6	VBP	have	has	5
the total number of students in NNP VBZ 100 between the ages of 10 and 16 , with 13 teachers .	2	7	VBZ	exceeds	exceed	5
the female of NNP NN VBZ her eggs in the soil .	1	5	VBZ	lays	lay	4
when the subject of a marginal blp like this one objects i think that keeping the article does more harm than good , which is why i nominated this for deletion the first time .	2	10	VBZ	objects	object	8
page 8 of this pdf gives some information on NNP .	0	5	VBZ	gives	give	5
in total , the construction area for the solar NNP is CD .	5	10	VBZ	is	are	5
the suggestion that they had just VBN in after seeing 3rr report is n't the case .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
the global shape and NN of the universe is an open question .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the end of the video appears to parody the his master 's voice logo with a NN and a dog ( i .	1	5	VBZ	appears	appear	4
since december 2006 , all back issues of the NNP plant newsletter are available as NNP from the website of the international NNP plant society .	6	12	VBP	are	is	6
our lady of NNP school , commonly known as NNP school or just NNP , is a privately funded and independent school for male and female students , founded in NNP , west sussex , england in 1862 by the sisters of NNP .	1	15	VBZ	is	are	14
this type of NN also involves low frequencies .	1	5	VBZ	involves	involve	4
the distinction between a stock and a flow is elementary , and dates back centuries in accounting practice ( distinction between an asset and income , for instance ) .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
a google search returns five results , all of which are wikipedia or its mirrors .	3	10	VBP	are	is	7
the way to fix vfd is not to construct rules for csd which are too narrow or open to interpretation .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
even though cooking is normally carried out in air , the temperatures and environmental conditions are such that there is little or no NN of the original substances or their NN products .	11	15	VBP	are	is	4
the format of NN language statements reflects the layout of an JJ NN card , though successive versions have VBN most of the restrictions .	1	6	VBZ	reflects	reflect	5
artists that influenced the ep 's sound include elvis , poison , and van NNP .	0	7	VBP	include	includes	7
the only person standing in their way is colonel john lynch of internal operations , an original member of NNP 12 , VBZ the NNP 13 project and is determined to VB their illegal operations .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the south section of main line begins in NNP district , NNP city , which is almost along with NNP river ( NN ) and NNP river ( NNP ) , and ends in NNP .	2	6	VBZ	begins	begin	4
c temperatures and high speeds of NNS make oil NN and ball NNS JJ ; they require air NNS or possibly magnetic NNS .	1	7	VBP	make	makes	6
the only editor who was making a big deal about this is on a NNP .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
the southern training wall of the gold coast NNP is the northern end of the gold coast NNP .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
one tuesday afternoon NNP and NNP are VBN of their sister when the old nurse , sarah , happens to bring out the NN NNP wore on her night of triumph at the town hall .	14	18	VBZ	happens	happen	4
marshall also argued that the very nature of the judicial function requires courts to make this determination .	6	11	VBZ	requires	require	5
early known NNS of the song include allan NNP 's the JJ NNP in CD and thomas percy 's NNP of ancient english poetry in CD .	2	6	VBP	include	includes	4
analysis of NNP NNS reveals how selective pressure has shaped the evolution of variable cone size and function throughout the family .	0	4	VBZ	reveals	reveal	4
his first movie , a comedy called convincing NNP is in partnership with his long-time NN , actor and screenwriter NNP williams .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the rough estimate of number of cards processed on different versions of this application software around the world is 350 million .	2	18	VBZ	is	are	16
neutral - great edits ( NN not so great NN with summaries ) , a long time valuable contributor , clearly ; but the points brought up by the opposing users are all valid .	24	31	VBP	are	is	7
the fact that he had another file with a very similar name explains it perfectly .	1	12	VBZ	explains	explain	11
ruins of an ancient temple and an ancient NN of the lighthouse of alexandria are to be seen here .	0	14	VBP	are	is	14
according to 2010 census figures , the population of the town is CD , a 10 .	7	11	VBZ	is	are	4
these requirements for NN membrane binding are quite similar to those of the NNP NN , which VBZ the NN NNP NN and requires the f NN along with the NNP structure .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
the present chairman of the business , peter NNP , is the NN of the founder .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
uniform heating is much more difficult if the air gap between the NN and the JJ NN is not the same all along the NN profile .	9	17	VBZ	is	are	8
the limit of f ( t ) as t tends to NN is equal to the limit of f ( u ) as u tends to NN provided both limits exist .	1	9	VBZ	tends	tend	8
another problem facing the NNS is the varying sizes of coffee cups .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the only reference within the article is to a JJ link , and a search for reliable third party sources about this company produces only `` books '' that are themselves composed of wikipedia articles ( i .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP equations , named after julian NNP and freeman NNP , are general relations between green functions in quantum field theories ( NNP ) .	1	11	VBP	are	is	10
after the october revolution of 1917 , the successor to the imperial NNP service corps has an external link JJ general staff , and from 1920 - the NNP corps of the red army .	8	15	VBZ	has	have	7
suburbs VBG the river include NNP cove , NNP , NNP park , NNP park , happy valley and NNP in south australia .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
the basis of atomic county is that of seth 's own experience of living in orange county since ryan appeared .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the body of christopher NNP is a young adult novel by carol NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the streams of NNP branch and spring branch run through this township .	1	8	VBP	run	runs	7
NNP and recommendation systems such as NNP keep track of each person 's search activity independently , and use that information to affect their search results .	3	7	VBP	keep	keeps	4
the story of NNP college dates back to 1926 when the archbishop of manila requested the sisters of the NNP congregation in new york to VB a JJ program for women in the philippines .	1	5	VBZ	dates	date	4
the academic demands of the NNP JJ VBP the normal requirements for the NNP program .	2	7	VBP	exceed	exceeds	5
JJ NNS , a result of its highly JJ decay products like NN , are significant even at 5 parts per million .	1	14	VBP	are	is	13
it is thought that a NNP NN deposit in east NNP is the bed of an old course of the rhine .	7	11	VBZ	is	are	4
relation to NNP and other NN NN is the NN ( RB VBG form ) of NNP NN .	0	7	VBZ	is	are	7
summaries of the views of professional associations of physicians state that none recommend routine NN , [ 26 ] [ 27 ] and that none recommend VBG the practice .	0	12	VBP	recommend	recommends	12
the most prestigious high schools in the sector are NNP NNP national college , situated in downtown bucharest and NNP NNP NNP NNP NNP , situated in NNP .	4	8	VBP	are	is	4
species within the genus NNP include .	0	5	VBP	include	includes	5
the fuller velocity profile of the JJ boundary layer allows it to VB the JJ pressure NN without VBG .	3	9	VBZ	allows	allow	6
and , typical of the style , the NNS ( not JJ NN ) are what make the album NN .	8	14	VBP	are	is	6
the fear behind allowing claims for `` pure economic loss '' is that potentially unlimited claims could flood in .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
former members of the CD NNPS who have been hired by nasa to be NNS include mike NNP , NNP carey , rex NNP and jim NNP .	1	15	VBP	include	includes	14
fair use in presbyterian university NNP this image is subject to copyright , i feel its use is covered by the u .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the partly buried rim of this crater is roughly circular and somewhat irregular .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
several wine VBG facilities and wine storage NNS now stand on what was once vacant land .	3	9	VBP	stand	stands	6
the last term of the programme includes the masters thesis .	2	6	VBZ	includes	include	4
the purpose of this studying is that upper newport bay , which san diego creek is the primary freshwater input of , is a rich ecological habitat and preserve .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the value of the moment is about , which is three times larger than the magnetic moment of mercury .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
in the bible the story of NNP VBG NNP is similar to the idea that NNP NNP is the innocent sacrifice made by the kane family in order to cover up any NN by their family .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
the origin of the name `` NNP '' has a very JJ history .	1	8	VBZ	has	have	7
the NN of NN shell is RB rather than the near JJ NN of JJ NN , and the colors of the two materials do not closely VB .	19	24	VBP	do	does	5
i believe the solution that is the best , JJ compromise ( if i were to VB the original animation in NNP ) , is to set the NNP background either much darker or much lighter .	3	24	VBZ	is	are	21
burn patients and others affected by severe wounds often report pain as the dominant negative impact of the wounds on their lives .	1	9	VBP	report	reports	8
more recent research by NNP and NNP indicates the fraud was even more extensive than first thought .	2	7	VBZ	indicates	indicate	5
threats to this species include VBG by livestock such as cattle and by wildlife such as NN .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
the first sentence of this article is too JJ , if not pov .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
many inscriptions related to buddhism and NNP are JJ .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
and , people generally interested in JJ student NN , for understanding an JJ group that was able to ( successfully ) oppose a NN student NN effort .	2	22	VBP	oppose	opposes	20
wikipedia , reflecting how the authors of this encyclopedia address certain issues .	5	9	VBP	address	addresses	4
one nice thing about the stack structure is that if a program does happen to fail , a stack NN is taken and it is very easy for a NN to find out exactly what the state of a running program was .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the only current way to include a page number without another full instance of the cite is to use or to use the shortened notes system .	3	16	VBZ	is	are	13
at NNP , comprehensive schools , on the whole , are able to get children to an adequate standard , except for most inner cities .	4	10	VBP	are	is	6
this division is focused on portable energy ( batteries ) , the company through the NNP line sells battery NNS to power or charge a range of mobile electronics such as cellular phones , digital cameras and NNS , providing significantly more charge time than available technologies .	12	17	VBZ	sells	sell	5
historical characters in jin NNP 's works delete .	1	7	VBP	delete	delete	6
the site of the original NNP ' wine lodge is now a mcdonald 's and is marked by a plaque on NNP high street .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
creation of legal relations is a doctrine in english contract law that states an agreement is legally JJ only if the NN parties may be deemed by the court to have intended it .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
the video for this song is available exclusively on itunes .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the bit about the birthday is JJ -- this is perhaps JJ with the NNP campus article .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the word , in its most general sense , encompasses all matters relating to the duties and responsibilities of officers of arms .	1	9	VBZ	encompasses	encompass	8
the teeth on the upper NN , exhibit the conventional dental NN - in which the surface of the NN facing the outside of the mouth is JJ .	16	26	VBZ	is	are	10
the link in the banner appears to be red , but is functional when you click it .	1	5	VBZ	appears	appear	4
delete local tv shows about local students that do not attract attention outside the immediate area are not notable , and this is no exception .	3	16	VBP	are	is	13
the specific design of the NNP NNP seal is almost identical to a NN found at the NNP site of tell NNP or at the palestinian site of tall al NNP , the latter often identified as NNP , the last NNP NN .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
contemporary buddhist teachers and NNS VBP that while the central message of buddhism is JJ , the buddhist view of our situation in life ( the conditions that we live in ) is neither JJ nor JJ , but realistic .	18	32	VBZ	is	are	14
the number of independent equations in the original system is the number of JJ rows in the NN form .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
this method of cooking involves both NN and JJ cooking as the meat item to be VBN sees both high direct JJ heat and the heat of the air in the NN .	1	17	VBZ	sees	see	16
this law of NNP '' is a section of the book this law of NNP and other essays which contains NNP 's thesis on islamic law .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the church of the holy trinity is a greek orthodox church in brighton , part of the english city of brighton and NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the membership badge of the kenya scouts association features mount kenya , in the national colors of the flag of kenya .	2	8	VBZ	features	feature	6
the principal parts of NNP and NNP , in particular , require great vocal skill and NN in order to project the necessary intensity , and top performances in these roles attract NN .	27	31	VBP	attract	attracts	4
many people from other counties come to see this every year ; it is also on many christmas light tours as well .	1	5	VBP	come	comes	4
the first incarnation of the NNP tour had its entrance where the current entrance to the magic of disney animation currently is .	13	21	VBZ	is	are	8
a narrow strip of land , at its JJS point , VBZ the two lakes .	2	11	VBZ	separates	separate	9
a piece of wet clay , when acted upon by a potter , takes on its potential to be an actual drinking NN .	1	13	VBZ	takes	take	12
NNP 's starting work on new material dates back to 2005 , shortly after they were dropped from the NNP record label .	3	7	VBZ	dates	date	4
in doing so , NNP discovers NNP is competing in a local beauty pageant ( miss NNP ) , and the prize in the next round of competition ( miss metropolitan pittsburgh ) is a free trip to hawaii .	21	33	VBZ	is	are	12
the reaction of the entire system is less than 8 seconds .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
only certain ranges of values for NNP , NNP , and l produce stable NNS in which periodic NN of the NN beam is produced .	2	12	VBP	produce	produces	10
the upper parts of individual NNS are JJ with JJ tips .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the fellowship of the ring , jackson VBZ one shot , a low angle of a NN at NNP 's birthday party VBG `` UH !	1	7	VBZ	acknowledges	acknowledge	6
the song from the dance scene between NNP and NNP is JJ n't run ( the 1964 version ) by the ventures .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
the elevation gain from the trail head to the summit is .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
actually a few research stations ( in NNP but not the south pole ) do use different NNS , see [ 4 ] , [ 5 ] and [ 6 ] .	4	19	VBP	see	sees	15
NN accusations for either party appear to be either JJ or old ( over a year ago ) .	1	5	VBP	appear	appears	4
for example , the video , NNP ( man ) ( 2001 ) , displays a certain NN to the themes related to vienna NNP , which were important to NNP in the late 1980s and early 1990s .	4	14	VBZ	displays	display	10
medicine during the civil war shows civil war medicine through the eyes of battlefield NNS and the stories of union and confederate sick and wounded .	0	5	VBZ	shows	show	5
as always , opinions from any source are JJ as opinions , and referred to as such .	3	7	VBP	are	is	4
although NNP is seen looking , rather than VBG , the various tools around the base of the statue show how much work he has done to bring the statue to this finished state .	12	19	VBP	show	shows	7
the degree of this NN strongly depends on instrument design .	1	6	VBZ	depends	depend	5
the NNS of NNP and NNP lie to the north and south of nelson respectively .	1	6	VBP	lie	lie	5
buy all the fossil NNS in the world , burn them , and wait for the NN from the NNS to VB the island .	4	9	VBP	burn	burns	5
a 60 person law firm that is VBN important in the world of patent NN is notable , in a way that a 2 man personal injury firm is not .	4	15	VBZ	is	are	11
the JJ state rooms were restored to their former glory , while the JJ upper floors and service areas are now RB modern offices .	15	19	VBP	are	is	4
the main idea asserted in all congress papers is to VB the importance of getting an important and meaningful position in business , social and political life or in NNP depends on VBG a university degree from a university providing a highly qualified education .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
his son , brad NNP , is a former minor league NN .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
this way of VBG war seems to me as stupid as it is JJ .	1	5	VBZ	seems	seem	4
the song , which VBZ as `` the glen '' , is entirely in the band 's native tongue , the irish language , also known as NNP .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
note that i do not automatically buy into it takes two to VB , so please provide evidence to examine below this post .	0	9	VBZ	takes	take	9
a consistent stream of that nonsense is a serious NN to actual progress .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
cox 's screenplay , while occasionally VBG into the sort of JJ endemic to so many JJ films , generally VBZ its unusual subject matter with NN and complexity .	2	20	VBZ	treats	treat	18
a large hall in the lower level of the temple has facilities to stage cultural events .	2	10	VBZ	has	have	8
although the stories that NNP tells are almost always fake , the facts , trivia and information are almost all correct .	12	17	VBP	are	is	5
the JJ justification for firing shots is that NN rounds are very bright and would immediately gain the attention of a crew whose radio is JJ , or who might not have noticed radio NNS .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
critics of NNP 's NNS are quick to point out that NNP had no association with women other than JJ woman or NNS and they therefore question his stance of VBG all egyptian women .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
adults of both NNS grow to 1 .	0	4	VBP	grow	grows	4
the word i need a true meaning for is POS ' .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
in this case , velocity of sound NN in the fluid in the NNS is JJ and compared with the value of the velocity of sound in the free fluid is reduced by a ratio equal to the square root of the NN .	4	14	VBZ	is	are	10
the study of the JJ reactions in the body is acid base NN .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
parks and other tourist spots on the slopes of mt NNP are popular places for groups from NNP to visit during weekends to escape from the NN climate on the coast .	0	11	VBP	are	is	11
an evening in march ) NNP NNP is the second wife of a foreign office diplomat , henry , and NN to his teenage daughter , NNP .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the total length of the NN is around .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the oldest trace of a settlement in the area is a single roman coin which was discovered in the NNP .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the meaning of the number is subject to several NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
his best finish in a major is NNP at the 1976 u .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the name of the site which you promote is misleading readers to think that it is an official site , which means that you are doing advertising here .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
another development deals with indirect discrimination where a particular measure , while appearing neutral on the face of it , has a JJ impact on a particular group or individual in the NN .	9	20	VBZ	has	have	11
the NN ' concept of the NNP ( which was imported from particle physics ) allows significantly higher count rates coupled with a very low NN of the NN .	3	15	VBZ	allows	allow	12
although the reason for this treatment is unclear , the population in central panama has been placed in a .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
by doctrine , NNP units do not require their leadership positions to be filled by ranger qualified officers and NNP as NNP units do in addition to many more specialized skill qualifications through extensive training .	17	23	VBP	do	does	6
the bus engineering division in addition to maintaining the NNP fleet and preparing vehicles for sale also provides engineering to other operators .	3	17	VBZ	provides	provide	14
as such , i think the close , while brave , is JJ and should not have been made in this way .	6	11	VBZ	is	are	5
some species of wildlife you may find in and around the lake are deer , NN , NN , NN , NN , small mouth bass , NN .	1	12	VBP	are	is	11
despite the NN , construction of its new , building at CD bird drive , its present site , continues .	4	19	VBZ	continues	continue	15
the constitutional head of the government of NNP is the governor , who is appointed by the president of india .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the field of JJ series , and their NN methods , contains many NNS of JJ type and of JJ type .	1	11	VBZ	contains	contain	10
the amount of twist in a NN helps to define the style of NN a NN with a lot of air such as a NN NN will have much less twist than a NN with little air , like a VBN NN .	1	7	VBZ	helps	help	6
some JJ devices such as the NN and NN have even more specialized tools - sometimes these have to be purchased from the manufacturer for ridiculous amounts of money .	2	9	VBP	have	has	7
she called it RB NN and said that the JJ portrait of middle america is out of touch with today 's gay teenagers .	10	14	VBZ	is	are	4
the relevant law in this case is the soviet one , according to which NNP VBD from NNP ( while ussr was still functional ) .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
JJ final proposed version of the NNP ' launch vehicle features a JJ third stage with enlarged JJ tanks .	3	10	VBZ	features	feature	7
named peaks in the range are confined the western end of the range , but the higher NNS , mostly officially unnamed but well-known to NNS and NNS , are in the eastern part of the range .	17	29	VBP	are	is	12
however , the only two references you 've supplied are both web forums and these are not acceptable as source material under wikipedia guidelines .	5	9	VBP	are	is	4
musical articles on genres , as opposed to specific bands , are difficult and usually require a team .	1	11	VBP	are	is	10
an user 's interest or participation in a wikiproject is not , by itself , an indication of their standing or involvement in a discussion or topic .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
because the result of performing the operation on a pair of elements of s is again an element of s , the operation is called a closed binary operation on s ( or sometimes expressed as having the property of closure ) .	2	14	VBZ	is	are	12
the NN artwork , shot at NNP railway station in derbyshire , england , features art director brian cannon 's father with NN and his mother with NN .	2	14	VBZ	features	feature	12
the JJ species and NN fish are the most common and an JJ competitor to native ones .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
traditional names for the doctor include dr .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
the main origins and destinations of the regional trains are NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	2	9	VBP	are	is	7
patients with operated tubes are at increased risk for JJ pregnancy .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
the transform of a NNP unit NN function is a NNP unit NN function in the transformed domain .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
in a slightly different NN , NNP and jonathan NNP of the university of california , berkeley write that their JJ focus on public sociology aims to `` turn , as c .	21	25	VBZ	aims	aim	4
the name of the operation derives from the afghan word for NN , which is a water management system used to provide a reliable supply of water to human settlements and irrigation in hot , JJ and JJ NNS .	1	5	VBZ	derives	derive	4
the informed discussion of what is necessary for VBG planets is the basis for a group of wikipedia articles .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
his total command of the various styles and scales is simply JJ .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
a few engines , such as the honda NNP series , now use overhead NN NN , driven by a timing belt .	2	12	VBP	use	uses	10
this version of the wizard possesses supernatural powers rather than VBG on technological weapons .	1	5	VBZ	possesses	possess	4
the word `` NNP '' refers to the NNP strait VBG the island from the mainland .	1	5	VBZ	refers	refer	4
and the performance of the stars is RB JJ and NN '' .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the headquarters of the NN is the town of NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the rocky finger of the NNP du NNP points out and VBZ the entrance into the bay of NNP NNP .	2	8	VBZ	points	point	6
the name of the sheriff in CD is unknown .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
a companion to the regular NNP program , NNP for search , allows website owners to place google search boxes on their websites .	1	12	VBZ	allows	allow	11
a spectacular example of the organizational capacity of the NNP relates to the saving of the children of villa emma at NNP .	2	10	VBZ	relates	relate	8
in addition to JJ memory chips , blocks of NN memory are integral parts of many computer and data processing integrated circuits .	7	11	VBP	are	is	4
NNS such as NNP use JJ control .	0	4	VBP	use	uses	4
the song of the road is a 1937 british drama film directed by john NNP and starring NNP williams , ernest NNP and NNP george .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the same results that i wrote earlier ( most of them are obvious ) .	2	11	VBP	are	is	9
the purpose of the initiative is to improve NN compliance and service by setting professional standards for and providing support to the tax preparation industry .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the NNS of the NNP government include VBG all newspaper NNS , removing all american military bases on uk soil , JJ nuclear NN , and true open government .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
because the desired type of dna NN is a rare event in the case of most cells and most NNS , the foreign sequence chosen for NN usually includes a reporter .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
delete - fans of the game already know about the NNP wiki and anybody doing research on the game can find what they need here .	2	7	VBP	know	knows	5
winter in the northern hemisphere features many holidays that involve festivals and NNS .	0	5	VBZ	features	feature	5
catch from her debut studio album catch the catch , and was released in 1985 by NNP .	0	5	VBZ	album	album	5
every JJ site that was important during the preceding late bronze age shows a destruction layer , and it appears that here civilization did not recover to the level of the JJ NNS for another thousand years .	2	12	VBZ	shows	show	10
the fact that ( lake union ) is located in the very heart of the city indicates that if properly developed it will become a most important factor in the commercial and business activities of the city .	1	16	VBZ	indicates	indicate	15
i would say no , since the general rule ( as i understand it ) is that arbcom is supposed to consider only evidence presented JJ ( meaning on the english wikipedia ) .	8	15	VBZ	is	are	7
this system of apostolic succession continues in the church of jesus christ of JJ saints .	1	5	VBZ	continues	continue	4
groups of five or seven bits become a character printed by a NN .	0	6	VBP	become	becomes	6
the majority of the population consists of NNP who live near NNP de bay , though there is also a significant percentage of mountain VBG people living in the northern portions of the municipality .	1	5	VBZ	consists	consist	4
in reality the movement of their NNS is the engine which drives their NNS .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the nearest cable car terminal to NNP on the south side of the river is within walking distance of NNP , the north greenwich tube station , and the NNP .	4	14	VBZ	is	are	10
however , NNP 's attitude towards the NN body and the NN that carol 's brain is that of the NN 's make him VB to finish her off , realizing that the woman he fell in love with is now inside the NN .	4	16	VBZ	is	are	12
the fear of NNP scale ( NNP ) is a JJ NN that can determine the level of fear of NN that an individual has .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
every regional center and large district center has a number of local providers and home networks .	2	7	VBZ	has	have	5
the codes that VBP the construction of JJ homes are exactly the same codes that VBP the construction of JJ homes .	1	9	VBP	are	is	8
RB , if a graph has a cycle , then every JJ completion of the graph includes at least one triangle consisting of three consecutive NNS of the triangle , from which it follows that its NN is at least two .	12	16	VBZ	includes	include	4
candy 's daughter , jennifer candy , is an actress and television producer , having production credits for the television series NNP queen and sam has 7 friends .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the characteristics of this climate are due to the situation of the municipality , VBN from the atlantic storms .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
we have just seen that NN NNS like my wife ( definite descriptions ) allow for such accommodation .	6	14	VBP	allow	allows	8
religion and worship to the gods is an important aspect of the game .	0	6	VBZ	is	are	6
members of a networks have access to other members who understand their economic , legal and political factors .	0	4	VBP	have	has	4
the NN on the NNS is the university crest and features VBP the lion .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the statute of limitations for injuries to children only starts at the eighteenth birthday .	1	9	VBZ	starts	start	8
vienna 31 dec 1994 ) , married RB on 23 april 1944 to sarah NNP NNP , and his descendants ( their only son and four NNS were VBN from the succession ) , the heir to the house of NNP is the former king NNP ii of bulgaria .	35	41	VBZ	is	are	6
the reason the article is now VBN is because the nominating editor has RB removed all the JJ links !	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
a subject with an VBN social consciousness VBZ alternatives to the dominant cultural viewpoint .	1	7	VBZ	explores	explore	6
though sometimes assumed to be a NN of the phrase `` everything from a to z in the usa '' from an old jack NNP joke , the place name `` NNP '' traces back to at least the 18th century .	9	33	VBZ	traces	trace	24
although the concept of NN was not introduced by NNP , his major contribution was the recognition that the speed of light in a vacuum is constant and an absolute physical boundary for motion .	19	25	VBZ	is	are	6
in fact , every piece she creates , whether on canvas or paper , or even JJ sculpture , has great NN , NN and depth .	4	19	VBZ	has	have	15
the capital of the county is NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the rest of the NN is all JJ just to VB you .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the point of an encyclopedia is to have comprehensive written NNS that contain information .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
since 1999 , executive powers for JJ matters of the government of scotland NNS in the hand of the scottish government , whereas legislative powers for JJ matters are within the NN of the scottish parliament .	4	28	VBP	are	is	24
this is not a problem with natural gas burned as a fuel , but a major use of NNS such as nitrogen , NN , NN and NN is to protect JJ materials from the atmosphere .	16	28	VBZ	is	are	12
examples of mediation functions are communications control , protocol conversion , data handling , communications of NNS , processing that includes NN , and data storage .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
other major events held at the arena include the 1999 NNP world championship in ice hockey , the 1999 world women 's handball championship , the 2012 NNP ice NNP hockey world championships and the scheduled CD winter youth olympics .	2	7	VBP	include	includes	5
for example , inside an internal NN engine ( a type of VBG engine ) , the expansion of burning fuel in the NNS RB VBZ the NN down , which , through the connecting rod , turns the NN .	17	25	VBZ	pushes	push	8
the winner of a reality television show VBZ his two best friends to share the los angeles IN he won for coming in first place , and quickly finds out why living with your NNS is not always the best idea .	1	7	VBZ	invites	invite	6
because of this , the idea that any form of mass is completely caused by interactions with electromagnetic fields , is not relevant any more .	5	20	VBZ	is	are	15
the topic of the article is absolutely valid .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
it also states that such nominations shall be made at least three days prior to such appointment and no such appointment shall take place unless a majority of the council agrees .	26	30	VBZ	agrees	agree	4
NN in the hood `` it gives the reader the real NN .	0	6	VBZ	gives	give	6
ad CD ) , one of the three kingdoms of korea , whose similarity to the NNP language is not clearly established .	13	18	VBZ	is	are	5
the surviving recording of the first australian into outer NNP NNP includes the audience warm up , which includes a short jazz number by the abc dance band with spike NNP playing the trumpet .	2	11	VBZ	includes	include	9
the probability of a row appearing someone is quite small , so we can ignore that to first NN .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
if the answer to that question is yes , then maybe the copyright holder can choose not to grant a licence to a station for certain songs .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
g JJ receptor ( NNP ) NN 2 ( NNP ) VBZ members of the NNP family , specifically JJ JJ receptors .	2	11	VBZ	regulates	regulate	9
all sources included are more then trivial `` acceptable sources under this criterion include all types of reliable sources except works carrying merely trivial coverage '' .	9	13	VBP	include	includes	4
online events such as a general NN and a technical NN also form part of the NN .	1	12	VBP	form	forms	11
IN it says that the oldest edit to wikipedia that is visible now is in fact not the oldest one ever , because all edits made prior to that one have been lost .	6	13	VBZ	is	are	7
the only discussion of the concept is unsourced .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
this bottom up flow of power for JJ decisions is how it should be .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
sex NN therapy ( NNP ) is an umbrella term for all medical procedures regarding sex NN of both NN and JJ people .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
several species within the order are JJ and two , NNP NN and a .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
an exception to this rule is in newspaper NNS , or sentences and phrases where all the letters are VBN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
functional NN of the assembled NNS allows for insight into the particular molecular functions , cellular components , and biological processes in which the JJ proteins are involved .	1	6	VBZ	allows	allow	5
other villages in the municipality include NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , and NNP .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
as completion fluid , which assists the NN of control hardware after VBG but prior to production , the function of NN NN is to maintain the pressure .	19	23	VBZ	is	are	4
it was released by epic records on september 26 , 2002 , as the lead single from her third studio album this is me .	14	22	VBZ	Is	Are	8
the miller has pink NNS whereas NNP NNP are white , the NNS of the miller are more easily pulled away , and the miller NNS of raw NN .	12	16	VBP	are	is	4
various terms related to the NN process include NN , NN , NN , improvement , NN , and NN , although in strictly scientific usage acoustic authorities would question most of them .	1	7	VBP	include	includes	6
the book , featuring a text in middle english with extensive scholarly notes , is frequently confused with the translation into modern english that NNP prepared , along with translations of pearl and sir NNP , late in his life .	1	14	VBZ	is	are	13
the earliest reports of cricket in canada date from CD where games seem to have taken place in montreal .	2	12	VBP	seem	seems	10
the cost of being incorporated into a city is still a JJ issue in this part of the county .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the items in the list have or should have wikipedia articles or substantial parts of them .	1	5	VBP	have	has	4
note that the figure to the right implies that the mac occurs at a point where leading or VBG edge NN changes .	3	11	VBZ	occurs	occur	8
the suggested NNS for the absence or NN of functions at this stage are JJ and psychological .	2	13	VBP	are	is	11
the sole purpose of the program designed by teachers and staff is to get every child to college .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
in addition , parts of the original trail are still accessible .	3	8	VBP	are	is	5
a range block of that texas ip is in order .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the most notable aspect of NNP , in fact , is how little p .	3	10	VBZ	is	are	7
the school 's astronomy teacher with her unusually accurate sense of hearing and vision it makes NN and VBG in her classroom RB impossible .	4	15	VBZ	makes	make	11
the relations of the NN and of the indian government with the tribes on the north-west frontier also require further NN .	1	18	VBP	require	requires	17
the aim of the game is to kill all muslims that appear on the screen .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
in marvel NNP return , it is revealed that the NNP 's infection and universal travel is a NN NN .	12	16	VBZ	is	are	4
the elements needed for life are relatively common in the earth 's NN , and RB most of the common elements are necessary for life .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
a popular beach wedding destination , NNP 's JJ resort provides JJ wedding at the JJ NNP wedding chapel which can handle up to 40 guests .	2	10	VBZ	provides	provide	8
each child from each team is on the bed once during the duration of the game .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
by VBG the NN and NNS of thought , NNP hoped to show the JJ subtle ways in which this JJ complexity , which by definition can not ever be completely known , works its NN and VBG effects .	21	33	VBZ	works	work	12
the only recommendation i can make is that you consider changing its title to something else .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the fat in milk normally VBZ from the water and NNS at the top .	1	5	VBZ	separates	separate	4
the claims regarding the best bet diet seem to be based on the ongoing trial involving only 30 patients and this seems to be very small to be JJ to a broader population .	1	7	VBP	seem	seems	6
if the composer is unknown , the audience remains JJ , and the publishers , especially in france , close their ears anyway when someone offers them a halfway decent work .	13	19	VBP	close	closes	6
the difference between knowledge and education is NN , that is there is more to making knowledge useful than mere exposure .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the JJ appearance of a JJ cell cancer varies with the depth of the NN .	2	8	VBZ	varies	vary	6
it is also a key departure point for VBG ; to the north , the JJ ridge of the NNP arm leads up NNP mountain to the summit , as well as to the meadows of boston basin and the NNS above .	16	21	VBZ	leads	lead	5
the amount of the VBG agent depends on the actual requirements of the customer .	1	6	VBZ	depends	depend	5
enterprises and government organizations that are turning their it organizations into internal service VBN by building shared JJ NNS for flexible NN NN are another .	0	23	VBP	are	is	23
unlike most latter day saint NNS with a first presidency , the NNS in the first presidency of community of christ are no longer designated `` first '' and `` second '' NNS .	12	21	VBP	are	is	9
the NN from his memoirs is that she played a key role , along with his continuing bitter memories of the NNP , in the process that converted the NN , VBG NN of the early books into the committed communist of the 1930s .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
if you have a group of people , both men and women , then by default they are all NN ( even if there is one man and 1000 women ) .	9	17	VBP	are	is	8
i think it should be clear that a quote about a fictional character based on a real person has no place in the real person 's article ( especially if that person is living .	8	18	VBZ	has	have	10
this list of NNS in NNP de NNP is a list of medieval NNS or NN forts in the region in northern france .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
so for example the works of NNP and NNP are available in finnish , and the translations are good as well .	4	9	VBP	are	is	5
NNP VBZ his friend out of NNP lake and takes him to the current NNP tower for medical treatment .	3	9	VBZ	takes	take	6
NNS , trading , guild battles , and daily events are all available in blade wars .	5	10	VBP	are	is	5
NNS that tied those americans to those locations are n't charges .	0	8	VBP	are	is	8
any application that runs inside this environment runs off the NNP device without affecting the NN of the host .	1	7	VBZ	runs	run	6
this level of detail of what went on on a single show in the series is JJ .	1	15	VBZ	is	are	14
simple JJ keyboards with no additional features are available in the lower price range , their average cost only slightly VBG conventional JJ keyboards of comparable production quality .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
the second science paper , on the interaction of NNP and life stress has generated enormous controversy , but opinion in the field remains divided .	19	23	VBZ	remains	remain	4
NNP 's JJ search for the NNS and for the NNS they hold takes him over the remote isles and sea NN and forces him to make allies of some unlikely locals .	3	13	VBZ	takes	take	10
the main reason this game is notable is because of the referee dispute .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
list of JJ NNP NN this is a list of the rulers of NNP , now a region of north-eastern spain .	0	6	VBZ	is	are	6
the exercise that you have to do VB riding is [ [ NN ] ] .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the NN shark ( NNP NN ) is a species of NN shark , family NNP , named for the spinning VBZ it makes as a part of its feeding strategy .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
calendar and NN support private software extensions , with a `` JJ '' NN , a number of which are in common usage .	6	19	VBP	are	is	13
some models of this generation have the rare feature of a split front bench seat with a column NN .	1	5	VBP	have	has	4
after his flight and subsequent return to paris , he was made chief of the bureau des NNS by the french directory .	12	16	VBZ	des	de	4
the difference between a judge and a NN is only of name .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
NNP ) measure on a JJ NN under the moment map is a NN JJ measure .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
the lack of a free licensed image at the moment is not sufficient reason to retain a non-free image of a subject that we can reasonably expect someone to be JJ to take a photo of in the not to distant future .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
this book , like dozens of others , supports the mind control NN .	1	8	VBZ	supports	support	7
the fate of the six NNP engines remains unknown .	1	7	VBZ	remains	remain	6
the drums are discussed in order from largest to smallest ; the sizes of the NNS given vary considerably by manufacturer , model , and style .	12	17	VBP	vary	varies	5
as the NNP name implies , the majority of the network is above ground , and it mostly consists of railway lines that connect areas outside central london , with a considerable portion of the network in zone 2 .	7	11	VBZ	is	are	4
an example of a JJ that has proteins attached to it is NNP .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
all the pictures i upload to commons are in categories and they are available for use on wiki articles as needed to help explain certain aspects of the articles that can not easily be understood with out pictures .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
i know it is designed for vandalism , but its placement at the end of an entry in the watchlist makes it very JJ to moving around as the page loads .	10	20	VBZ	makes	make	10
the area around NNP and the neighbouring NNP mountain is famous for winter sport facilities , providing many ski NNS and NN ski tracks .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the end , NNP bishop saves her from NNP , and NNP aids the NN in the final battle with NNP nova .	1	5	VBZ	saves	save	4
in the field of dental JJ materials , reduction of composite NN is a `` hot topic '' .	8	12	VBZ	is	are	4
RB though , syndicated shows made by us production companies look great on my NNP tv while things like live news , or jay NNP look pretty poor .	4	10	VBP	look	looks	6
therefore , in areas where NN is a problem , people 's chances of survival actually increase if they carry JJ NN ( selection for the NN ) .	12	16	VBP	increase	increases	4
games are in the lowest level , but vehicles mentioned in games are almost always considered canon .	8	12	VBP	are	is	4
the rest of the article needs to be closely examined for compliance .	1	5	VBZ	needs	need	4
thus , in the dispute over NNS , the questions regarding NNP NNP give rise to further issues such as the authority , scope and verification of modern NNS , covered in the next sections .	9	13	VBP	give	gives	4
threats to this rare species include the invasion of JJ NNS , such as purple NN ( NNP NN ) .	0	5	VBP	include	includes	5
pov at the moment this is an important topic - the danish cartoon controversy , for example , shows the different attitudes and NNS between east and west on matters of islam .	13	18	VBZ	shows	show	5
the highest point of the village is CD .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the other stations , located on the NNS of NNP , are NNP , NNP street , warren street , NNP court road , NNP , NNP lane and king 's cross st .	2	11	VBP	are	is	9
the fact that stamp collecting has long been the most popular NN in the world , with over 16 million NN in the united states alone , is a good indication of how much NN and appeal these JJ pieces of JJ paper NN .	1	27	VBZ	is	are	26
the facade of the organ remains , but the organ has been expanded and improved to become the JJ voice of NNP cathedral .	1	5	VBZ	remains	remain	4
besides alcohol the only sources of food energy are NNS , NNS and proteins , which make up JJ percent of the dry weight of food .	4	8	VBP	are	is	4
over 1 , 300 companies from 60 different countries enjoy the balanced and RB respected standards of regulation and corporate governance that the london stock exchange offers .	4	9	VBP	enjoy	enjoys	5
the only weak part , as far as i can tell , is my speculation that something will change , and exactly what it is that will change .	3	12	VBZ	is	are	9
the site of victory stadium now has several athletic fields , which has added fields to those at the nearby river 's edge sports complex .	1	6	VBZ	has	have	5
the ultimate geographic reach of JJ culture appears to have been NNP island and western japan .	3	7	VBZ	appears	appear	4
protected areas in greater poland voivodeship include two national parks and 12 landscape parks .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
the purpose of the NN gun is to apply NN through an NN to a specific point , usually on a NN NN or POS ' .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
an alternative meaning of NN NN is any NN formed of living plants or of living plants combined with a fence .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the goals of the campaign are to increase awareness of the need for energy efficiency .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
no problem with NN if he actually crosses the white line , either at portsmouth or another professional outfit .	1	7	VBZ	crosses	cross	6
the largest wind tunnel in the southern hemisphere is another facility based on campus .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
each leaf of an JJ book thus represents one eighth the size of the original sheet .	1	7	VBZ	represents	represent	6
the head of the armed forces is the supreme commander ( NNP , NNP ) , the most senior officer in the country .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the basin of the font is 12th century .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the first book , wizard 's first rule , takes place in the new world , some twenty or so years after two magical boundaries were raised to separate NNP , the midlands , and NNP .	2	9	VBZ	takes	take	7
a reason that NN NNS work in increasing NN is that they lower total NN levels in body as JJ NNS regain NN to the NN .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
cars 80 and 82 , a 2003 NNP NNP and 2000 ford crown victoria , respectively , are command units used by the station battalion chiefs .	0	17	VBP	are	is	17
the ability to work with others and for others is an important NN in the learning process .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
a good place to look for article ideas , and also articles to be translated , is the JJ wikipedia , especially the category martin luther and the category NNP .	2	16	VBZ	is	are	14
a NN presentation in terms of a point set and a class of NNS comes directly from the graph .	2	14	VBZ	comes	come	12
any editor , including NNP , is welcome to edit the article further , if they can provide proper sources .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
more NNS are landing across southern england , and a JJ flight of the population of london begins .	11	17	VBZ	begins	begin	6
the silver band , with NNS and two fish , is the JJ image of it VBZ NNP NNP , that VBZ the city , with its JJ abundance of .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
the purpose of the buildings along the west end of the north range is uncertain .	1	13	VBZ	is	are	12
the JJ value for this ratio is 0 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the year of the human body also includes public programs , and industry ventures intended to VB interest and participation in medical careers .	1	7	VBZ	includes	include	6
os use on my own edits for testing purposes , and a NN that my self imposed restrictions and exceptions on os use includes the use of NN .	1	23	VBZ	includes	include	22
little recent information about their habitat and their ecology in nature is available since little field research has been done in the last decades .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
two smaller lakes , two fish NN NNS , and two NNS are also within the park boundaries .	2	12	VBP	are	is	10
weather conditions during summer months are warm , with high temperatures during july NN , and daily low temperatures VBG .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
JJ automated rice VBG machines , called NN ( NNP ) , for VBG brown rice , are a common sight in rural japan .	4	17	VBP	are	is	13
the answer to NNP 's question is yes .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
despite the small number of native finnish speakers and the high number of finnish speakers who are also JJ in english , the finnish wikipedia is currently the 17th largest wikipedia with over 250 , 000 articles .	11	25	VBZ	is	are	14
this makes it JJ and not VB -- no group limited to those who are notable is JJ , and the intersection of two notable groups is certainly JJ .	21	26	VBZ	is	are	5
more recently , words such as NNS ( to book ) , VBZ ( to park ) and NN ( NN ) have been absorbed into the language , although current initiatives in creating NNS for technological and social innovations prefer to avoid JJ NN where possible .	31	40	VBP	prefer	prefers	9
one part of particular interest is the `` NNP NNP '' .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
also concerns of original research given the sources cite a personal interview .	1	8	VBP	cite	cites	7
in societies where the ideology of male NN is strong , VBG dominance , physical strength and male honor , rape is more common .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
the recent history of the sports magazine article shows frequent edits by both accounts .	2	8	VBZ	shows	show	6
to me , an operator VBG his bot is no different than an admin NN himself .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
in the 20th century , the french NNP churches , which are autonomous , all identify themselves with the evangelical wing of NNP .	8	15	VBP	identify	identifies	7
the center of the head contains yellow disc NNS .	1	5	VBZ	contains	contain	4
the figures often seen in his paintings are abstract and inspired by the NNS and sculptures of nigeria .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
the black art of reliable source determination is the most subjective , JJ , JJ process that i have come across on wikipedia .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the final section of the book includes a united states NN , and notable foreign releases .	2	6	VBZ	includes	include	4
the result of JJ NN among hindi speaking hindu is that they have extra terms for NNP relatives , on the contrary telugu speakers lack those terms for JJ .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
i think the article on this non profit organization needs to stay in en .	3	9	VBZ	needs	need	6
the unique JJ junction between the two NNS has two bridges made at NNP NNP carrying the NN over the canal .	3	8	VBZ	has	have	5
rationale for use in star fox ( 1983 video game ) it is believed that the use of this image VBZ as fair use in the article destroy all humans !	16	20	VBZ	qualifies	qualify	4
it is assumed that the centers of the stars , and the bulk compositions of the entire star , have more normal chemical abundance NNS which reflect the compositions of the gas clouds from which they formed .	13	19	VBP	have	has	6
there could be enough support here for a consensus to promote , but i think the objections would change to clear support once a version without NN NNS becomes available .	24	28	VBZ	becomes	become	4
expressions that RB promote NN in articles are not encyclopedic .	0	7	VBP	are	is	7
advocates of the new perspective on paul also argue that many new testament books by paul the NNP used to support the theory of JJ NN should be interpreted differently .	0	8	VBP	argue	argues	8
the alternative in my mind is that you were not sufficiently thorough , which also does not speak well for you .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
in new zealand , the minimum age for VBG a firearms or gun license is 16 .	6	14	VBZ	is	are	8
the main attacking role of the centres is to commit defenders , so providing space for the NNS to run .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
therefore my answer is that this redirect probably should be an article , but my reply in drv terms is endorse closure as a valid reading of the consensus and wrong venue for the request to NN .	15	19	VBZ	is	are	4
the scene VBZ back to the laboratory , where the scientist who created mac sees the network being accessed by someone who appears to be NNP .	10	14	VBZ	sees	see	4
the explosion of JJ NNP is most certainly a notable recent development in NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
however the district attorney , gordon roberts ( robert NNP ) believes NNP is somehow responsible .	3	11	VBZ	believes	believe	8
however , agnes NNS in her development because of the JJ nature of the household in which she is employed and the NN of the moral transformation , become a static member of the NN , NN to the victorian value of moral transformation in virtue .	3	28	VBP	become	becomes	25
JJ waters '' of NNP range and NNP pass provide one source of mineral water .	1	9	VBP	provide	provides	8
for example the energy policy of the united kingdom recognizes the role of JJ energy and VBZ the need for local councils to understand the broader national goals of JJ energy in VBG JJ projects .	4	9	VBZ	recognizes	recognize	5
the origins of the JJ piano are found in the NN NN and NN NN , of which an original of the former survives and the latter only survives in descriptions and modern NNS .	19	28	VBZ	survives	survive	9
students in this program learn english on an advanced level throughout their four years of high school , and have special english conversation classes with either american or british native speakers so as to practice the language RB and to improve conversation skills .	0	4	VBP	learn	learns	4
while this is supposed to be a NN thing , some editors ( usually NNS ) seem to have difficulty with this .	11	16	VBP	seem	seems	5
coins from their short reign show one of them on one side and two VBD hands on the other to show their joint power , yet their relationship had been VBN with suspicion from the start , with both VBG an assassination from the other .	0	5	VBP	show	shows	5
however , NNP 's tomb , which can RB be dated to this period , mentions its owner as a king 's mother .	4	15	VBZ	mentions	mention	11
NNS in the NNP reach their destination with delay that has a random component , known as NN delay variation ( NNP ) .	0	4	VBP	reach	reaches	4
a building on the stevens campus now stands as the edwin a .	1	7	VBZ	stands	stand	6
the second part of the NNP is when the NN VBZ the NNP prayer , during which the bread and wine are changed , by the power of the holy spirit , into the body and blood of christ ( NN ) .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the two locations , NNPS and the west end , serve a number of different types of tea ; JJ and JJ food and the west end shop allows the NN of NNP pipes .	22	28	VBZ	allows	allow	6
the JJ energy ( for a NN of atoms JJ energy is JJ JJ energy and is its NN ) of an atom can be any value on a NN from zero to whatever .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
connections RB to richmond and new westminster are via smaller bridges on highway 91 .	0	7	VBP	are	is	7
the name of the city of NNP also has the same origin as the name NNP .	1	8	VBZ	has	have	7
NNP 's younger brother , NNP NNP , is a former defensive back for the arizona NNP of the arena football league and a former defensive back for the las vegas locomotives of the united football league .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
if a special meeting of the general convention occurs , the deputies elected to the preceding general convention continue to serve as deputies .	3	8	VBZ	occurs	occur	5
evidence of jews in medieval scotland is fairly JJ , but in CD , the bishop of glasgow VBD NNS to `` VB their NNS for money borrowed from jews '' .	0	6	VBZ	is	are	6
the committee making the decision VBZ that a land war in asia would be JJ and VBZ the atomic bombing a necessary sacrifice , even though they do n't believe that it is the only way to bring japan to surrender .	1	5	VBZ	concludes	conclude	4
routes 81 and 82 also operate as the university 's `` NNP '' overnight service as well .	0	5	VBP	operate	operates	5
a part of his work shows great connection to NNP .	1	5	VBZ	shows	show	4
article 91 of the constitution provides that `` human rights shall be realised without discrimination of any kind '' .	0	5	VBZ	provides	provide	5
the main problems with providing NNS VBP around the implementation or complete lack of NNS .	2	6	VBP	revolve	revolves	4
the japanese version of the reveal the shield NNP figure by NNP NNP is in a JJ white finish with a different NN pattern .	2	13	VBZ	is	are	11
within the vienna JJ region , the sections between new vienna central station , NNP NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP NNP central station are also part of the suburban vienna NNP railway network .	7	25	VBP	are	is	18
currently , the maximum amount of gold that can be carried is 200 , 000 .	4	11	VBZ	is	are	7
the object of the game is to release the NNS as they become available , creating foundations , and to then build up each suit from the ace .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
some NNS claim that their policy of `` fair game '' is no longer in effect , but critics of the church maintain that whether the rule is still written in NNP policy or not , the policy is still VBN to today .	18	22	VBP	maintain	maintains	4
the total contribution of hotel and JJ car packages is up to NN of the airline 's revenue .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
tracks 5 , 10 , and 11 are from NNP NNP .	0	7	VBP	are	is	7
the newest cemetery in the county is angel crest cemetery , just off s .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
one universal distinction between NN types is development of molecular weight by the different modes of NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the qualifying age for joining NNP is between 11 and 18 and given the rank of recruit .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
a recent modification on this process , known as NNP ( NNP ) , uses a limiting NN with a higher NN temperature ( NNP ) than the excess NN to maintain reaction efficiency as the limiting NN concentration VBZ NN .	2	14	VBZ	uses	use	12
the 3 NNS of this enzyme are JJ , JJ , and NNP , whereas its 3 products are JJ , NN , and NNP .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the aim of the game is to complete 3 squares in a row , either RB , RB , or RB .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the major NN approach of the NNP that typically seen on a JJ JJ NN model ; however , it has the NN and function of a JJ NN .	3	20	VBZ	has	have	17
the armenian apostolic church VBZ the NNP of christ on january 6 , and so their celebration of the presentation , which they call the coming of the son of god into the temple is on february 14 .	16	34	VBZ	is	are	18
the fact that the situation even went to arbcom shows just how badly she was a judge of the consensus of that situation .	1	9	VBZ	shows	show	8
the most commonly cited reasons for breaking up NNS are breach of the peace , caused by loud NNS and sound systems VBG local residents and dangerous driving ( such as street racing , NNS and NNS ) .	4	9	VBP	are	is	5
scientists at the facility spend months isolated from the outside world , essentially locked in the VBN facility within a level 5 NN lab , as they research a NN for the JJ virus .	0	4	VBP	spend	spends	4
a popular example of an VBN NN technology is the firefox JJ NNP , which allows NNS to install scripts that make JJ changes to JJ web pages .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
NNP chip - the concept is similar to NN in package configuration widely used in the silicon integrated circuit industry .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
an alternate approach to describing the NN of the distribution is through JJ moments .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
in design the NN and source current plays a major role so proper NN is required .	3	7	VBZ	plays	play	4
the market for JJ NNS is highly competitive and publishers do their best to put out quality , if somewhat JJ work .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
what is concerning is how limited your perspective of the situation is .	7	11	VBZ	is	are	4
n which demands `` significant coverage in reliable secondary sources '' ; a mention in a chronicle is n't enough .	13	17	VBZ	is	are	4
bengal cats and turkish NNS are both known for swimming .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
VBG predecessor and successor states here as the usa is redundant since the usa still existed in some form during this period , so say nothing .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
apparently one thing that is going on here is a clash of cultures .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
NNP idol of the chief deity is 9 feet tall and made of a special element called NNP NNP ( NNP and NNP paste ) and no NNP ( ritual NN ) is performed to it .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the fact is that the rules of the forum require against the mainstream ideas to be defended by the original poster by himself against any and NN who wishes to dispute , VB , and VB .	5	9	VBP	require	requires	4
people of european descent on average have a high alcohol tolerance and are less likely to develop NN compared to aboriginal australians , and native americans .	0	6	VBP	have	has	6
sometimes information that is not referenced is not always wrong or controversial but is in fact useful .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
however , NNP rider NNP 's ability to assume cosmic states depends on maintaining the bond with the rest of his NNP rider club friends as losing even one friend , regardless of circumstances , VBZ the transformation and VBZ the cosmic switch JJ .	6	11	VBZ	depends	depend	5
the relatively low decrease in ultimate strength is extremely good performance for an aluminium NN .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the list of NNS in november 1939 includes all ships sunk , VBN , VBN , or otherwise lost during november 1939 .	1	7	VBZ	includes	include	6
the hands of god in the second and third NNS VBP the dorsal surface and feature NNS .	1	10	VBP	portray	portrays	9
the arm of this man , VBN by drops of water from the lake is the NNP NN for the site .	1	14	VBZ	is	are	13
large scale growing operations of NN crops rely on the use of chemical NNS and synthetic NNS .	3	7	VBP	rely	relies	4
the only way to do magic is to be present , at least , two of the circle 's members and that is something that NNP ( NNP NNP ) does n't like at all .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
m features in the video were reminiscent of her video for `` human nature '' , commenting , `` the influence on `` tonight '' is pretty evident , most notably in NNP 's leather NN , her JJ attitude and the NN JJ activities she VBZ in throughout .	20	25	VBZ	is	are	5
for instance , the number of NNS for the NN 4 is 5 .	4	11	VBZ	is	are	7
the tribes of NNP , NNP , and NNP agree to fight alongside israel as they had promised .	1	9	VBP	agree	agrees	8
prospect park hill , which VBZ the mississippi river , is the listed on the local register .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
the castle , NNP de NNP , which survived the CD bombardment , is now a museum and exhibition space , with a strong maritime collection .	1	13	VBZ	is	are	12
pictures of this new english edition are available below .	0	6	VBP	are	is	6
jeff NNP source photo -- -- -- source NNP must tell you that the photo provided with the source is by far a better picture of jeff NNP and i highly suggest someone to change the current photo if possible .	14	19	VBZ	is	are	5
article CD of the korean copyright act allows the korean copyright commission to recommend NNP to VB the accounts of repeat file sharing NNS ( as VBN by the commission ) for six months .	0	7	VBZ	allows	allow	7
the NN laws of the united states tend to reflect a distinction like this .	2	7	VBP	tend	tends	5
the current president of the society is NNP NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
will NNP is a smooth jazz composer , alto NN and recording artist whose 2007 release , will call is his first with NN records .	15	19	VBZ	is	are	4
the fuel elements , known as `` NNS '' , are to be removed to NNP for VBG , starting in 2014 or CD .	2	10	VBP	are	is	8
same comment that i stated in the second base NNP , fix the formatting of your NN use .	1	11	VBZ	fix	fixes	10
the clash of cultures here is very deep , and at this level of depth of cultural NN , many people will be JJ to RB VB even when a guest .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
this difference in NN positions seems to be the key factor in NNP activation leading to NN of JJ NN synthesis .	1	5	VBZ	seems	seem	4
many rap songs from the twin cities speak on social and political issues , and also involve personal stories .	2	7	VBP	speak	speaks	5
an NN of the wizard of oz , the NNP man , played by richard NNP , is a scholar who is VBN to NNP , a drug created by NNP .	1	17	VBZ	is	are	16
the highest point in the NN is NNP peak , an NN lava dome located entirely within the NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the governing organisation of NNP in the uk , church of NNP religious education college , inc ( NNP ) , is a corporation registered in south australia .	2	21	VBZ	is	are	19
i note the obvious bias that many ( though certainly not all ) of them have expressed in these areas themselves , and point out that an interest in a JJ area is not a conflict of interest in that area .	27	32	VBZ	is	are	5
united states the rationale used by this court in NNP is equally applicable to NNP .	3	10	VBZ	is	are	7
leaders normally sing the tenor part while leading , no matter what section they normally occupy ; this matches the part of the singers they are directly facing .	10	18	VBZ	matches	match	8
NNP facilities for primary , secondary and tertiary care are important to effective community health work .	1	9	VBP	are	is	8
the vast majority of the population is albanian and RB to islam .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
historical commentary on 1965 performance of NNP song is about the fate of the 17th century russian rebel , NNP NNP .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the text of the moved passage runs from `` our NNS were JJ , and holmes lay VBN upon the NN '' to `` i should not have VBN it upon your attention had you not shown some NN the other day .	1	6	VBZ	runs	run	5
best lawyers best law firms guide in 22 practice areas .	1	5	VBP	guide	guides	4
this general lack of commitment by schools to the internet reflects a limited perception of its capacity to provide educational outcomes for the school community .	2	10	VBZ	reflects	reflect	8
this kind of JJ pronunciation tends to occur in places with conservative NN , such as ireland , scotland , parts of the north of england , or NNP .	1	5	VBZ	tends	tend	4
NNP felt that the quality of the adventures also varies greatly , and that while most are `` fairly good '' , he continued `` [ a ] few are so thin and VBD that i VBD why they were included '' .	4	9	VBZ	varies	vary	5
if a connection to the fire department is optional , or is prohibited , a fire alarm system is often connected to a monitoring center at the building owner 's NN .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
all complications of JJ section are more likely and more severe if it is done as an emergency after a failed attempt at JJ delivery rather than as a planned operation .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the identity of `` planet 14 '' is uncertain , and has been the subject of much fan discussion and speculation .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the only hope for this article is if someone , somewhere finds a way to alter wikipedia 's culture in order to permit the JJ appointment of a panel of people who are deemed responsible enough to follow npov as well as JJ enough to do the job well .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
inscriptions on the stone indicate to some the existence of a JJ civilization but to others the rocks are natural formations VBN by the wind or the result of NN caused by waves when this region was under the sea .	0	4	VBP	indicate	indicates	4
but a big part of my job is to pass .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the character , portrayed by actor ian NNP in the feature films , is the main NN of the saga .	1	13	VBZ	is	are	12
the problem with these figures is that they 're only about one little aspect and between NNS it 's not even VBN , so they do n't even serve for a comparison .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the `` heroes ' bell '' in the tower on the NNP side VBZ CD .	4	13	VBZ	weighs	weigh	9
the primary function of the telescope is visual spectrum observation following JJ NNS .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the contributions of the NNP are noteworthy .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
since the stamp was issued prior to 1923 , it is no longer subject to copyright , and an exact two JJ copyright of it also has no claim to copyright .	22	26	VBZ	has	have	4
i think the fly in the NN here is really that there has been no claim of NN made in germany .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
the fictional NN of imperial NNP NNS follows the prussian NNP system , with honour NN depicted in the novel space marine .	2	7	VBZ	follows	follow	5
the people of NNP NNP are mostly farmers and rely on agriculture as the best profession in that area .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
an ice cream cone , NN or NN is a dry , JJ NN , usually made of a NN similar in NN to a NN , which enables ice cream to be held in the hand and eaten without a bowl or NN .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
other plays showing its influence are gary mitchell 's in a little world of our own and rod wooden 's your home in the west .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the new facilities in the NNP independent school district are one of the high schools and the new elementary school .	2	9	VBP	are	is	7
criteria for this listing include occurrence in an area of extensive , suitable habitat which appears to not be under any substantial threat , an assumed large population , and a slow rate of decline .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
i think at least the terms NNP , NNP and NNP need explanation in this or following sentences .	5	11	VBP	need	needs	6
his position on the field is JJ .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the purpose of these offices is to develop resources locally , and to help vietnamese in danger of being a victim of human trafficking .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
by the way , the task of the bot is to create less than 19 .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
news sources on the internet do that all the time , of course .	1	5	VBP	do	does	4
some scholars of the social sciences consider it a form of racism , although this is debated .	1	6	VBP	consider	considers	5
qualification of what was actually proved is necessary because of the JJ difficulties .	0	6	VBZ	is	are	6
a lake resort of NNP bay is near thomson lake regional park .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
a much larger version of the NNP bottle , called the NNP NNP , has the same NN technology .	3	14	VBZ	has	have	11
two brick houses from 1500 form part of the boundary walls and a few brick houses near the church are evidence of the prosperity the town enjoyed in the 15th century .	2	19	VBP	are	is	17
if damaged , the process of restoring the original shape is more complex than producing a new one .	4	10	VBZ	is	are	6
the reason for its regular NNS is due to its method of construction , NN , which is by far the most common method of hill figure construction .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
other islands in the immediate vicinity include clark island , NNP island , king island , leading island , and NNP island .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
contracts in which at least one of the parties is a minor are JJ by the minor .	0	12	VBP	are	is	12
another JJ lake , brook lake , also stands below the dam .	2	8	VBZ	stands	stand	6
the touch of your NNS '' is a romantic ballad written by ray noble in 1936 .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the inclusion of a NN refers back to another dramatic episode in JJ history , the battle of NNP in CD , when 600 citizens of NNP lost their lives .	1	5	VBZ	refers	refer	4
VBN was born in NNP , norway ; her father , NNP NNP NNP is a teacher .	9	14	VBZ	is	are	5
JJR compounds in JJ chemistry contain carbon to copper chemical bonds .	1	5	VBP	contain	contains	4
descendants of the original founders still reside in the community .	0	6	VBP	reside	resides	6
cottage industries such as pottery , NN , crafts and NNS also VBP .	1	12	VBP	persist	persists	11
the JJS solution to the NNP problem is to VB the distance from the NN point to every other point in the database , keeping track of the `` best so far '' .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
but when talking about an article about a different subject , the question of JJ weight VBZ when mentioning a topic not notable in itself .	12	16	VBZ	arises	arise	4
the principal NNP is called RP or NNP , that is , the ruler of NNP or the king of laws .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
in the case of industrial equipment , the most common techniques for noise protection of workers consist of shock VBG source equipment , creation of JJ glass or other solid NNS , and provision of ear protection equipment .	10	16	VBP	consist	consists	6
each member of the community possesses a piece of the shared knowledge .	1	5	VBZ	possesses	possess	4
note also that the article says he is married to a `` textile artist and historian NNP NNP '' .	0	5	VBZ	says	say	5
indeed part of NNP 's complaint is that sir NNP and his companions are not acting like NNS by drinking and singing but like `` NNS '' in an `` NN '' .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the remix of `` gone till november '' features r .	1	8	VBZ	features	feature	7
violent conflict between the two groups creates problems in the community on a regular basis .	1	6	VBZ	creates	create	5
endorse deletion per NNP ; wikipedia is not a collection of NN or trivial information .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
a second point that the ash also VBZ RB is how long it takes for fine particles to settle .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
city of NNP the lake has one public boat launch , accessed through NNP park .	0	5	VBZ	has	have	5
his daughter , NNP NNP is also a leading actress in the bengali film industry .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the fourth project , `` now and then '' is the first album to feature the JJ group as it is today .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the modern history of road transport also involves the development of new vehicles such as new models of JJ vehicles , NNS , motor cars , motor trucks and electric vehicles .	2	7	VBZ	involves	involve	5
note that arbcom is not asked to consider if the edits presented in this section are valid ; it is , however urged to examine the behavior of the editors involved .	10	15	VBP	are	is	5
print publications that VBP to NNP are NNP and index of north american geology ; NNP of NNP in geology ; and the NNP NNPS , NNP and index of geology exclusive of north america .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
only one president 's original full name , NNP NNP grant , forms an english word ( `` NN '' ) .	6	12	VBZ	forms	form	6
the sample on `` NNP '' is from the 1974 film `` the living dead at the manchester NNP '' by george NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
his son , bill , now lives in NNP , ontario with his wife ( janet ) and three children .	1	6	VBZ	lives	live	5
night of the dead is a horror film written and directed by eric NNP .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
secondly , the concept of `` the big three '' is somewhat pov and not in wide use .	3	10	VBZ	is	are	7
for example , the color temperature of an NNP star is about 15 , 000 k compared to an effective temperature of about CD k .	5	10	VBZ	is	are	5
the altitude of the mountains also drops north and south of the central ranges .	1	6	VBZ	drops	drop	5
list of poets from NNP other things , NNP society is JJ with poetry and oral tradition .	0	10	VBZ	is	are	10
the federal government of the united states makes no mention of NNP ( NNP heat units ) or NNP in their requirements , only NNP .	2	7	VBZ	makes	make	5
the increase in NN due to the NN 's effects increases the amount of heat the body produces , possibly VBG the condition .	1	10	VBZ	increases	increase	9
for me , the vowel in NN , pole , poll , NN , NN is not the vowel in boat , code , bone , go , show .	8	15	VBZ	is	are	7
when a server using NN VBG reaches the specified limit , it will VB new requests and not respond to them .	2	6	VBZ	reaches	reach	4
a patient with a heart NN causing a JJ NN is vulnerable to NN from smaller amounts of air .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
a section of the JJ railway line is now a local nature reserve .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the answer to this question has great theoretical and practical importance .	1	5	VBZ	has	have	4
thus , statements that have factual meaning say something about the real world .	2	7	VBP	say	says	5
NNP , user guides and JJ videos are available on its website .	3	7	VBP	are	is	4
all the bits at the output of one counter , together , represent a digital bus .	2	12	VBP	represent	represents	10
the account of NNP 's speech in the petition letter nearly matches a part of that given in the wikipedia article in versions from the time of the petition 's origin , around january 13 .	1	11	VBZ	matches	match	10
despite its central location in the country , the NNP swamp remains relatively JJ and even today government authorities in NNP and NNP have relatively little knowledge of or effect on the area .	18	23	VBP	have	has	5
a fundamental principle of system dynamics states that the structure of the system gives rise to its behavior .	9	13	VBZ	gives	give	4
a search for `` NNP hunter '' returns 3 , CD results .	1	7	VBZ	returns	return	6
the ruins of a chapel at the original site of NNP abbey , a scheduled ancient monument , are visible to the south of the reserve .	1	18	VBP	are	is	17
each character in every story represents a different social position ( white portuguese man , the JJ black , the indigenous black , and mixed race ) .	1	5	VBZ	represents	represent	4
other threatened and endangered species in the creek include NNP 's NNS , NNP 's NN , NNP marsh NN , JJ NN lily , monarch butterfly , sandy beach tiger beetle , NN NN , and western NN NN .	4	8	VBP	include	includes	4
the paintings on the walls and ceiling of the temple VBP the fame and NN of deity NNP .	1	10	VBP	depict	depicts	9
communication between the two is JJ - wong speaks a mixture of JJ english , VBN by phrases learned from a text book , while joyce NNS in JJ youth NN .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
at the end of the series the decision of who should stay in chambers goes to NNP , however peter tells NNP that she can `` VB '' in their chambers .	7	14	VBZ	goes	go	7
the stretch from NNP to NNP NN is more popularly known as delhi road because it leads to delhi .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the seat of council and major town in the shire is NNP .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
most trains to NNP NNP station leave from track 2 .	1	6	VBP	leave	leaves	5
the first runner-up took the title from the winner because some reason the original winner is withdrew .	11	15	VBZ	is	are	4
program sessions on capitol hill often begin with a congressional NN discussing the roll of staff in working for a senator , a member of congress or a congressional committee .	1	6	VBP	begin	begins	5
according to the 2000 census , population of the district is 15 , CD of which 6 , CD live in the town of NNP .	6	10	VBZ	is	are	4
the chief crop cultivated in this region is rice .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the size of the object is the primary NN on it 's JJ frequency , with smaller objects having a higher frequency .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the team with the most points at the end of the show usually wins , but this is not always the case .	1	13	VBZ	wins	win	12
not much is known about scott but letters kept by lady hamilton indicate that they knew each other well .	7	12	VBP	indicate	indicates	5
the NNP language spoken in malaysia and thailand is highly unusual in that it VBZ JJ NNS with JJ and JJ NNS without differences in other parameters such as NN or NN .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the use of too much NN and a small pattern increases the difficulty of hitting the target ; the use of too little JJ produces large patterns with insufficient NN density to RB break targets or kill game .	1	10	VBZ	increases	increase	9
auxiliary officers who have reached flag positions equivalent to active and reserve rear NNS and vice NNS , use the term commodore ( e .	1	18	VBP	use	uses	17
the mayor , as the principal elected official of the town , provides leadership to the governing body and the community , and VBZ over board meetings .	1	12	VBZ	provides	provide	11
his latest book , written with NNP NNP and NNP NNP , is international policy and politics in canada ( 2011 ) .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
according to the national park service , `` the route to angels landing involves travel along a steep , narrow ridge with support chains VBD RB along the route .	9	13	VBZ	involves	involve	4
the NNP language , formerly spoken in the valley , is extinct .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
this period in indian history uses terminology that will be JJ to casual readers from other cultures .	1	5	VBZ	uses	use	4
a NN or island light is a longer JJ NN , usually with long NN or multiple NN NNS , used over kitchen islands and NN tables .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
fundamental concepts in universal algebra are NNS JJ and JJ .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
flying from edwards air force base , california , on its fifth flight , the first aircraft with JJ wings , the bell NNP , changes the NN of its wings in flight for the first time .	16	25	VBZ	changes	change	9
the JJ NN , NNP , tells NNP of an ancient legend and NNS that the three teenagers may be in danger of VBG the story .	2	6	VBZ	tells	tell	4
this reaction , called NNP , causes a fairly severe disease closely resembling yellow fever caused by NN NNS of the virus .	1	6	VBZ	causes	cause	5
potentially JJ choice of new name , as it is a common nickname for a JJ drug illegal in many countries .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
as provided by the article 1 , section 8 of the united states constitution , the seat of the united states government is a federal district known as the district of columbia .	16	22	VBZ	is	are	6
the NNP NN at the NNP kirk still stands .	2	8	VBZ	stands	stand	6
the eastern segment of NNP 8 extends for from NNP road west of NNP the western terminus of this portion is a very narrow JJ road that becomes NN .	2	20	VBZ	is	are	18
if the palm of the hand faces the NN ( i .	2	6	VBZ	faces	face	4
their claim to fame is being `` a JJ committee with the federal election commission '' , which i assume is a matter of filling out some forms .	1	20	VBZ	is	are	19
the width across the NNS is very narrow and their length is less than 32 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the NNP JJ representation of a NNP is a hollow triangle shape on the NN end of the line ( or tree of lines ) that connects it to one or more NNS .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the limited numbers of local people who are employed in the economy enter at its lowest level , and are unable to live in tourist areas because of NN wages and a two market system .	2	19	VBP	are	is	17
its use in infrastructure projects dates to the development of the panama canal , and was widespread in the us oil and gas industry during the early 20th century .	1	5	VBZ	dates	date	4
NNP NNP gene of NNP ( NNP ) marks an JJ boundary .	2	8	VBZ	marks	mark	6
a large part of the NNP is national park .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
canadian air defense forces assigned to NNP include CD tactical excluded fighter squadrons at NNP cold lake , alberta and saskatchewan and CD tactical fighter squadrons at NNP NNP , quebec .	3	7	VBP	include	includes	4
the activities on the critical path by definition have a NN of zero ; however , it is always a good idea to check the math anyway when drawing by hand .	1	8	VBP	have	has	7
NN and one or two other things by gibson and they seem average and JJ to me .	6	11	VBP	seem	seems	5
the roots of the oldest antarctic NN trees are over 5 , 000 years old .	1	8	VBP	are	is	7
the central station of the JJ capital is on the NNP line between NNP , NNP and NNP , NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the largest centre in the riding is the city of NNP ( pop .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
results highlighted in blue are olympic NNS , those which are n't are world championship NNS .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
founded in 1977 , the name ( which is tibetan ) means `` divine NN '' .	5	11	VBZ	means	mean	6
one single language , except for english , that calls it aluminum or similar .	2	9	VBZ	calls	call	7
the oldest dated human road work in great britain is the sweet track , constructed across the somerset levels with wooden NNS in the JJ century bce .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
the fundamental criticism of the decision is that its real ground is nowhere stated in the majority judgment .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
her female characters , though , are more complex .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the NNP soundtrack , first released in 1988 ( lp , cd and NN tape ) , features most of the score ( written and arranged by danny NNP ) from the film .	2	17	VBZ	features	feature	15
the history of costa rica dates back about 3 , 000 years .	1	5	VBZ	dates	date	4
progressive transformation of JJ centres , abbreviated NNP and also progressive transformation of JJ centers , is a JJ NN node process of JJ NN .	1	16	VBZ	is	are	15
after hearing of NNP 's torture , lesser sends NNP one dollar and VBZ the killer to write his autobiography while secretly VBG him with NN and paper .	1	8	VBZ	sends	send	7
perhaps the only place where he VBZ with or is in the NNS of house symbols and which element each represents .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
another part of the mainstream is more JJ .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
five NNS , including NNS 38 , 40 , 78 , and 80 comprise the port 's forest products center , handling NN , wood NN , lumber , JJ paper , and other forest products .	1	13	VBP	comprise	comprises	12
a distant branch of the river eventually leads the NNP into the sea of NNP ( NNP ) , where NNP finally corners them on the NNP islands .	2	7	VBZ	leads	lead	5
championship for the second successive year , michael NNP finishes his VBG driving career in fourth place today .	0	9	VBZ	finishes	finish	9
their time in the premier division makes it no contest in my opinion .	1	6	VBZ	makes	make	5
the most important JJ NN in patients with JJ NN of the head and neck remains the status of the JJ NN nodes .	4	15	VBZ	remains	remain	11
the campus of NNP centre , NNP ( formerly NNP society , NNP centre ) is at the industrial estate , NNP in the northern direction from the heart of the capital city of NNP .	1	15	VBZ	is	are	14
the rationale behind the placement of images is as important as the placement of the images themselves , and one issue would not exist without the other .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
in NNP , the families of the NNP of NNP are NNP NNP , who arrived from central asia .	4	10	VBP	are	is	6
large parts of the range are part of the NNP nature reserve and are subject to environmental protection regulations .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
as for the related mainstream topics ( for example , NNP JJ NNP NN ) , i think the policy of removing any mention of JJ ideas is a NN of the intent of NNP weight as well .	19	27	VBZ	is	are	8
arbcom case , including accusations of NN against a user with their real name ) , then yes , courtesy NN is fine .	1	21	VBZ	is	are	20
the work `` NNP '' is a spectacular collection of VBG aerial photographs of the earth 's surface and is divided into 4 chapters NNP , green , desert and NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the NN 's main airport , NNP NNP NNP airport , VBZ approximately south-west of central NNP , and has connections to approximately 55 destinations .	4	11	VBZ	lays	lay	7
VBG , but this sort of project usually has the NN of a NN .	4	8	VBZ	has	have	4
in JJ physics , the JJ model ( or NNP model ) is an approach to the NN of electronic band structure using an JJ set of wave functions based upon NN of wave functions for isolated atoms located at each atomic site .	6	12	VBZ	is	are	6
the main part of the plot takes place in 1969 , a time NN and influence .	2	6	VBZ	takes	take	4
albums released through united musicians are usually on the artist 's own label ; for example , NNP 's first full-length release , mann 's bachelor no .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
conservative talk show hosts , such as rush NNP and hal NNP , also oppose the use of medical NN .	3	14	VBP	oppose	opposes	11
good afternoon VBG it on wikipedia is fine , all we ask is that the source is acknowledged .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
for example , the objects that are studied by physics or chemistry are JJ , they are certain given things in the world that are studied without necessarily raising more general JJ questions .	4	12	VBP	are	is	8
the only estonian NN cases not included in this system are the NN ( which even might be called JJ ) , and the pair of JJ and JJ .	4	10	VBP	are	is	6
true , we have many articles without mentioning the country , and places in the us are notorious for the lack of such .	12	16	VBP	are	is	4
it is of no surprise then that NNP 's works about the NNP ss are JJ toward them .	9	14	VBP	are	is	5
besides , the size of the template is quite large , in my opinion .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the quality of the recording depends on many factors many of which you can not control .	1	5	VBZ	depends	depend	4
the best known aspect of their ministry is the NNP music festival , a free , annual christian music festival held over labor day weekend in NNP , south dakota .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
that is why the progressive next step of limiting the block times is in order .	6	12	VBZ	is	are	6
a , or if the edits or subject matter are contentious '' .	5	9	VBP	are	is	4
the facility , which was one of the first JJ dome facilities in the nation , has of floor space .	1	16	VBZ	has	have	15
one motivation for the use of JJ logic , rather than JJ logic , is that JJ logic has many JJ properties that stronger NNS do not have .	1	14	VBZ	is	are	13
in the following , the concept and notation of an ( open ) ball is the same as in the article about metric spaces , i .	5	14	VBZ	is	are	9
the best known figure 8 track in the us is NNP NNP in NNP , new york .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
bronze scripts for NN NNP occasionally include an element of NN NN `` hand '' or VB JJ `` NN ; hand '' , which occurs in NN NN `` lead '' .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
NNS and the JJ parts are JJ .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
a NN ( 2005 ) is an NN of ancient tamil poems VBN partially in english by american NN stephen NNP and performed by the budapest symphony orchestra .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
another highlight of their success is their performance in front of the NNP athletes in 2002 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
students in the program have the opportunity to meet JJ israeli officials .	0	4	VBP	have	has	4
the article NNP ( NNP ) contains some thoughts on this matter .	1	6	VBZ	contains	contain	5
one particularly important finding of his research is that it is clear that NNP did not VB , as is still popularly believed , in the region of the NNP capital NNP , but almost certainly somewhere considerably further north in central peru .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
NNS has appeared on several television programs devoted to discussing politics , popular culture and current events , however he says he does not consider himself to be a political comic .	13	20	VBZ	says	say	7
the only real reason for episode guides is to let someone VB their skills by writing about a subject they know .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
a version by john lee NNP in his own style appears on variations on a theme .	1	10	VBZ	appears	appear	9
the last restriction on catholics preventing them from VBG into the royal family remains in effect .	2	13	VBZ	remains	remain	11
NNP 's successor as legislative NNP is his former first assistant , NNP NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
if the slope of the local landscape is shallow enough - then it may be possible for a few generations of JJ animals to survive despite not being so great as the others and VB across that shallow genetic valley onto the slopes of the higher peak .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the scene likely represents some type of NN , but the roles being played by the two figures are not clear .	11	18	VBP	are	is	7
this film , written and directed by philip NNP , has a modern NN spin on the tale .	1	10	VBZ	has	have	9
as the three set off , though , NNP makes up an excuse as to why she can not continue , but it is really because she fears NNP .	3	9	VBZ	makes	make	6
the most unique aspects of NNP and the JJ project are the algorithms it VBZ to conduct PRP ' removal .	3	10	VBP	are	is	7
outside , the ruins of the nave and south JJ remain as they were , along with the base of what is thought to have been a chapter house .	3	10	VBP	remain	remains	7
but people of all beliefs come to seek answers and NNS of NNP NNP NNP .	1	5	VBP	come	comes	4
NNP NN , common name `` the common NN snail '' , is a species of JJ land snail , a terrestrial NN gastropod mollusk in the family NNP .	4	12	VBZ	is	are	8
the funeral of diana , princess of wales takes place at westminster abbey , london followed by a private burial at the estate of the NNP spencer in NNP , NNP .	1	8	VBZ	takes	take	7
dishes served in a NN are often prepared in it inside an NN .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
JJ NNS in solid lumber are hell to drive .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
a large part of mickey 's screen NN is his RB JJ , JJ voice .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the JJ NN NN 2 ( NNP ) also known as NN carrier family 18 member 2 ( NNP ) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the NNP gene .	15	20	VBZ	is	are	5
NNS will VB just downstream of the diameter change , and a region of separated flow occurs from the sharp corner of the diameter change and extends past the NN NN .	12	16	VBZ	occurs	occur	4
a NN of several months ' growth covers ( perhaps VBZ ) the lower part of his face .	1	7	VBZ	covers	cover	6
the key literary texts for the study of norse NN are the prose NNP by NNP NNP , the NNP NNP by NNP NNP and the poetic NNP , by an unknown writer or writers .	3	10	VBP	are	is	7
fair use rationale for the special NNP is a sound sample from a commercial recording .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
elements of the bbc tv drama NNS are not the only fruit were also filmed on location in NNP .	0	7	VBP	Are	Is	7
the purpose of the NNP NNP at 3 NNP is to focus on culture as a center for cultural exchange between bavaria and the united states .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
create class of users that can have social networking NN is my proposed solution to this issue .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
the clubs reserve team , the sc NNP ii , plays only one level below the first team , in the NNP .	3	10	VBZ	plays	play	7
the JJS part of the town is mostly farm land , though it is slowly being developed .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the date of construction of these NNS ranges from the 15th to the 19th century .	1	7	VBZ	ranges	range	6
in spite of the appearance of mario on the cover , only the first song on the album has anything to do with the super mario franchise .	14	18	VBZ	has	have	4
in 2011 a blog and video posting by amateur straight guys shows a performer allegedly stealing money from its employer .	6	11	VBZ	shows	show	5
in radiation analysis a surface is defined as smooth if the height of the surface NN is much smaller relative to the NN of the incident radiation .	11	16	VBZ	is	are	5
NNP , md , has suggested that NNP NNP 's behavior in the film is consistent with a diagnosis of NNP personality disorder .	10	14	VBZ	is	are	4
the NNP in major numbers have converted to NNP ( or NNP ) , the youngest religion in bangladesh that VBZ much of their old ways .	16	20	VBZ	prohibits	prohibit	4
NNP glass such as bristol blue glass is popular with collectors , and is used in the distinctive blue NNS of harvey 's bristol cream NN .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the summit area ( NNP mountain ) contains the NNP and high peaks areas , on either end of the summit ridge that the cloud trail follows .	2	7	VBZ	contains	contain	5
the distribution of the extremely fine but very `` rough '' particles , all electrical connected to each other , gives an NN body with an extremely high surface per volume leading to a very high JJ NN .	1	20	VBZ	gives	give	19
the NN of this approach is a loss in quality , which causes image content to become JJ and VBN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
in the australian parliament , members of the upper house are senators , and members of the lower house are members of the house of representatives , or NNP for short .	5	10	VBP	are	is	5
however , the picture on the pieces gives the puzzle something of the nature of a NN in addition to being a combination puzzle .	3	7	VBZ	gives	give	4
the majority of information learned about his character comes from the NNP NNP , which elder simon finds in the NNP monastery .	1	8	VBZ	comes	come	7
fair use for image in rabbit NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the rest of our discussion shows , however , that the book does not support your claim that the canadian flag is based on the republican NN .	1	5	VBZ	shows	show	4
the final reaction of NN , the formation of NN , occurs in the NNS of the JJ NN , where NN is VBN by NN to produce NN .	2	11	VBZ	occurs	occur	9
the origin of the name comes from a native south american language .	1	5	VBZ	comes	come	4
his teaching style and research also VBZ the social history of art and interactions between architecture and ritual .	2	6	VBZ	embraces	embrace	4
the reason these NNS VBP in NN but not NNS under artificial light , is that room light does not contain the NNP ( short NN light ) found in NN .	1	14	VBZ	is	are	13
but i doubt that many people concerned about human behaviour towards animals believe in such an JJ right to life for every creature .	5	12	VBP	believe	believes	7
native aquatic animals in the stream include NN , freshwater NN ( NN ) , giant NN , VBN and VBN NNS and freshwater NNS .	2	6	VBP	include	includes	4
in the end credits scene of the season one episode `` debate CD , '' he appears as `` NNP 's NNP , '' playing NNP in one of his films and performing the spanish rap from the end of `` spanish 101 '' with `` NNP 's troy .	9	16	VBZ	appears	appear	7
the size of this container varies , according to how your heart has been expanded or VBN in your life so far .	1	5	VBZ	varies	vary	4
VBG discussion over to user talk pages or other venues is at bare minimum a gross violation of the spirit of a topic ban .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
various events featuring famous writers , composers , NNS , politicians , members of parliament and other public figures contribute to the spiritual renaissance of ukraine , VBP people and VB them with JJ NN .	1	19	VBP	contribute	contributes	18
a powerful wizard , who lets no one else forget it with his constant NN , NNP is the one who finds and RB takes NNP on his quest .	2	9	VBZ	forget	forgets	7
the eventual goal of most businesses is to make profits and increase sales .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
a jump , taken or not takes two NNS .	1	6	VBZ	takes	take	5
this little bit of extra care is JJ .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
according to 2000 census , population of the district is 11 , CD of which 4 , CD live in the town of NN .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP 's love affair with one of the school 's NNS , NNP , remains a secret .	3	14	VBZ	remains	remain	11
the date of his episcopal NN is uncertain , but most likely it took place between the years 400 and CD ; indeed the NN surrounding his life has not been entirely VBN by the most JJ NNS of historians .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the first episode in which flanders and his family were prominent is season two 's `` dead putting society '' , which also contained the first appearance of NNP and rod flanders .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
NNP has further suggested that `` JJ '' gene models of psychiatric disorders , and the hope that we will be able to VB JJ psychiatric NNS by `` VBG nature at its NNS '' solely as a result of gene discovery , are JJ .	9	43	VBP	are	is	34
NNP has stated that the number one goal of her court show is to send the message to the public to do the right thing and that each individual must take responsibility for their actions .	7	12	VBZ	is	are	5
the process of NN NN is similar in its NN effects , although it occurs after NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the gap created between real NNP and potential NNP is the consequence of inflation , this is one of the reasons this type of gap is called an JJ gap .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
such an entity may be JJ , but if so , perhaps the idea of the individual NN as the unit of consciousness is also .	13	23	VBZ	is	are	10
the mayor , however , has a RB NN as NNP media frequently cover the mayor 's appearances and statements .	1	5	VBZ	has	have	4
the most important item in JJ life , after religion , is the cultivation of the JJ crop , the JJ which provides food , NNS , fuel , VBN drink , and animal NN .	3	11	VBZ	is	are	8
JJ acid ( from latin NN , IN tree , from the NN of which the substance used to be obtained ) is a JJ acid , a type of JJ acid and a beta JJ acid .	1	22	VBZ	is	are	21
another model of NN , NNP curriculum , simply offers student a choice of NNS but requires demonstration of learning in order to pass the assignment .	1	9	VBZ	offers	offer	8
i think another way to have dealt with a problem like that is to talk to the user , maybe using better comments and words .	3	12	VBZ	is	are	9
an important feature of NNP folk songs is the JJ function .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
a marker VBG a NN service which john wesley gave after his first arrival in georgia is also on the grounds .	1	16	VBZ	is	are	15
the statement `` widely recognized as the JJS blog in the state of wisconsin '' is particularly problematic .	1	15	VBZ	is	are	14
the population of the village is 60 persons .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the original script for this episode includes a scene in which NNP and blue VBP their spectrum pursuit vehicle ( number CD ) at a village shop is included on the cd release of the captain NNP and the NNPS NNS .	2	6	VBZ	includes	include	4
all contracts give rise to personal rights and duties , so that a right which VBZ from a JJ NN is JJ only against the other party to that NN .	13	20	VBZ	is	are	7
most children of secondary school age in the area attend marine academy plymouth ( formerly NNP community college ) in the nearby ward of kings NNP or bus to one of the JJ grammar schools or one of the many other community colleges .	1	9	VBP	attend	attends	8
the secret identity of doll man , `` the world 's NNP NNP , '' is research NN NNP NNP , who VBZ a formula that enables him to VB to the height of six inches while retaining the full strength of his normal size .	2	15	VBZ	is	are	13
substantial use of commercial JJ parts is part of the design of the vehicle , including a NNP drive train ( NNP diesel engine and an NNP series automatic transmission ) and NN .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the popular 88 series NN exit devices still manufactured by von NNP have similar appearance characteristics to the original design , although significant engineering changes have been made .	6	12	VBP	have	has	6
another benefit of NNP NNS is that they can be applied in a quick , JJ manner which enables rapid transport for trauma patients .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the use of the term NN follows a suggestion in da costa 's 1980 NN NNP NN os NNP da NNP ( see da costa and NNP 1994 ) , in which he explored possible NNS for what he called `` NNP NNP '' .	1	6	VBZ	follows	follow	5
ranges without automatic target NNS sometimes have concrete NNS where personnel can VB and replace targets .	0	6	VBP	have	has	6
quote from met NNP summer of 1976 is by now a firmly established reference point for discussion in the uk of contemporary hot spells .	0	7	VBZ	is	are	7
the counterpart to the NNP in the united states air force is the combat systems officer ( NNP ) , VBG the previous roles of NNP , weapons systems officer and electronic warfare officer .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
the original author of the piece is of no consequence if the material is npov and the subject is notable .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the scene itself , filmed on 14 march 2008 , involves NNP kennedy ( played by NNP thomas ) who is working for an unnamed party group and her much older boyfriend stephen james ( NNP NNP williams ) having sexual NN .	1	10	VBZ	involves	involve	9
indeed , the banks of the river itself constitute a green corridor along the city .	3	8	VBP	constitute	constitutes	5
in the first equation , the dependent variable is assumed to be affected by values of the independent variable RB far in the past , so the number of JJ NNS is infinite and the model is called an infinite distributed JJ model .	27	31	VBZ	is	are	4
the mixed member proportional system , mentioned above , has some JJ winners and some JJ winners .	4	9	VBZ	has	have	5
the programme , which airs on NNP 12 , follows a group of reality tv personalities for ten weeks .	1	9	VBZ	follows	follow	8
articles tagged with the new page template are still eligible for speedy deletion .	0	7	VBP	are	is	7
the name for the towers derives from the fact that they were constructed from the NN of old structures built by the romans ( german NNP meaning NNS or NNS ) during their occupation of the area .	1	5	VBZ	derives	derive	4
the `` memory remains '' music video ( directed by paul NNP ) features a NN , NN concept .	6	13	VBZ	features	feature	7
NNS argue that the evidence for ancient NNS comes from supposed NNS in historical and archaeological records , and they also maintain that absent or incomplete NNS of historical or archaeological data point to the existence of ancient NNS .	4	8	VBZ	comes	come	4
still NNS from VBN JJ dry cleaning operations are JJ NNS .	1	8	VBP	are	is	7
the system also VBZ the school curriculum , where in many cases , students in years 9 and 10 and 11 are in the same subject NN option groups .	13	21	VBP	are	is	8
emotional attributes of the dances include both NN and joy .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
ibn NNP 's commentary on the forty NN of NNP ( NNP ' JJ NN NN ) is the largest as well as generally being considered the best commentary available .	3	17	VBZ	is	are	14
designed as larger , more capable counterparts to the , they set a standard for french destroyer design until the NNS .	6	11	VBP	set	sets	5
the relationship between the characters and food is another recurring theme of the series .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
such articles and templates already exist .	1	5	VBP	exist	exists	4
many , many editors who see these notices assume they should address the concerns , and the original person placing the template will return and remove when the conditions are met .	3	8	VBP	assume	assumes	5
the castle VBZ the harbour and although JJ 14th century in construction , the tower dates back to CD and the visit of james iv to the western highlands .	9	15	VBZ	dates	date	6
a short distance after this junction , pa CD enters NNP and heads into more JJ areas with a few residences .	2	12	VBZ	heads	head	10
merge with NNP if there is anything to merge , if not then delete .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
the princeton copy of the NNP bible seems to have been decorated by a different artist to the giant bible .	2	7	VBZ	seems	seem	5
the title of the episode is a NN spoken by walt ( bryan NNP ) during his encounter with NNP ( louis NNP ) .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
check if the url language is the same as the current language .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
the 2003 film the core , loosely based on the novel core , tells the story of a team that has to drill to the center of the earth and VB a series of nuclear NNS in order to VB the rotation of earth 's core .	2	13	VBZ	tells	tell	11
images of the swimming championships are available on picture australia and at the NNP museum .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
the main attraction in the town is its museum with exhibits related to NN and other local activities .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the main purpose of the site is for information management by VBG the gap between information management and information managers .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the lack of an enclosed engine room means that engine heat does not contribute to keeping the boat warm and there is VBN space above the deck area .	1	7	VBZ	means	mean	6
NNP energy transfer between the nitrogen and the carbon dioxide molecule causes JJ NN of the carbon dioxide , with sufficient efficiency to lead to the desired population NN necessary for laser operation .	2	11	VBZ	causes	cause	9
major communities that highway 3 passes through are prince albert , NNP , and NNP .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
the earliest feature of the church is the circular norman font , the lower part of which is formed like a JJ with JJ NN above .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
d articles stand inside `` an editorial VBD garden '' in which the contributions of independent editors who are interested in the article improvement are not welcome ; one editor described put this across in the statement `` i do n't assume bad faith .	13	24	VBP	are	is	11
however , the version of the song used in the film is much shorter .	3	11	VBZ	is	are	8
the old parish church of san pedro de NNP , now in ruins , is a late NNP church , and was originally dedicated to san salvador .	3	14	VBZ	is	are	11
survivors of human trafficking and torture have diverse medical issues , many of which have never been previously addressed .	0	6	VBP	have	has	6
an ensemble of actors for the series then takes these NNS , and the program 's writers and actors create a short NN which is acted out with minimal NNS , costumes and a NN key NN ( the NN green screen of the series .	1	8	VBZ	takes	take	7
these rules for pronunciation of individual letters are common as far as the 22 letters that match the iso basic latin alphabet are concerned .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
just 1 hour on the way is the town of NNP , a key tourist attraction and also a main destination for NNS riding down from NNP during the winter months .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
NNS in apartments also pay their rent .	0	4	VBP	pay	pays	4
that being said , the JJ bond , although a conservative investment , is highly JJ to a loss in value due to inflation .	6	13	VBZ	is	are	7
a model construction vehicle ( or engineering vehicle ) is a scale model or JJ toy that represents a construction vehicle such as an NN , crane , concrete pump , NN , etc .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
modern examples of JJ keyboards include NNP ( using NNP 's original mapping chris NNP , the NN of NNP , JJ NNP for pc and palm NNP with a NN miniature VBG keyboard called NNP which VBZ to both left and JJ users , being CD .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
a NN on the airfield contains about a dozen historic aircraft , which are still JJ .	1	5	VBZ	contains	contain	4
this image , entitled `` major general NNP NNP '' , is almost identical to a portrait entitled `` colonel NNP '' that is owned by descendants of the reverend john NNP , NNP being an JJ version of NNP .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
another crime theory used in regards to crime NNS is neighborhood theories .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the user , who is probably a kid , edits various articles primarily centered around NNP , such as NNP 's NNP NNP movie , NNP to you too !	1	9	VBZ	edits	edit	8
the design of the NNPS is extremely ambitious , and because of its coverage of historical events of the same era , has received comparison to NNP 's war and peace .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
even after this , the general education level among the villagers is still very low with most people educated up to primary level , with a few to middle school level and no efforts have been made on the part of villagers or the administration to change this .	7	11	VBZ	is	are	4
the NNP mountain chain , which forms the border with cambodia , is in the south of the province .	3	12	VBZ	is	are	9
like other awards , it is given in isolation , not in group , because the whole purpose of the award is to assess the NNS individual capabilities in par excellence .	17	21	VBZ	is	are	4
the fact that he thinks , not only that this is possible , but that his youtube audience may be able to make some NN where researchers with JJ NNS have failed , suggests that he might not have the best NN on reality .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
JJ illustrations of actors and NNS are in volume i which contains CD pages .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
abortion , whether JJ or illegal , is in the main no longer dangerous , because it is being done well by physicians .	0	7	VBZ	is	are	7
for the NNP , the drama of the NN of the NNP through christ or the NNP is the central drama of the universe .	5	17	VBZ	is	are	12
the NNS on the JJ transmission are more aggressive , allowing the NNP to hit in 4 .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
unlikely that a free equivalent of this event is possible .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
the subject of the discussion is whether to delete the article or not , not whether or not you feel that wikipedia should have an article containing the qualities that you feel the `` wikipedia art '' article might be capable of containing .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
as of the release of the most recent versions roster announcement ( wwe NNP ) , the only NNS who have been JJ characters in each NN of the game are the NNP , triple h , kane , and edge .	18	30	VBP	are	is	12
it has an area of and has a population of 30 , 000 inhabitants of whom 10 , 000 are residents of the nearby town of NNP NNP .	13	19	VBP	are	is	6
speakers of green NNP are more likely to learn white NNP than speakers of white NNP learning green NNP .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
the records of the corporation of NNP show that on 30 august CD he received a contribution of forty NNS out of the stock of the chamber of that town , requested by sir robert sidney .	1	7	VBP	show	shows	6
the first thing we need to do is identify what criteria makes a university head ( usually president or chancellor ) notable .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
another NN track from the ep is `` speak to me bones '' , which also deals with the theme of JJ conflict .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
a statement from the network cites JJ ratings as the primary reason for the NN .	1	5	VBZ	cites	cite	4
guide to the good life is a weekly australian television series that airs on channel seven .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
call for evidence ( phase 2 ) ends .	0	7	VBZ	ends	end	7
the objective for this season is to remain in the liga ii , considering that from 16 teams , the last 5 will VB , because next season , liga ii will have 2 series of 14 teams each .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the exception to this point is treason , which has a JJ NN period .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
since the NNP for a particular year is directly related to NNS of dates in the period from march through february of the next year , common years and JJ years have to be distinguished for january and february of the same year .	27	31	VBP	have	has	4
the vertical line at the center of the crest represents a pen , which suggests that NNP should be a place of seeking after truth and should be open to all talented students .	2	9	VBZ	represents	represent	7
the problem with the definition in terms of relative frequency is that it requires being able to sample an event an unlimited number of times .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
molecules that follow these NNS include the receptors for NNP , the growth NN NNP , and the iron transport protein NN .	0	5	VBP	include	includes	5
from state high way 22 ( NNP - NNP high way NNP ) NNP is just 10 minutes drive i .	10	14	VBZ	is	are	4
habitats preserved by the park include beach , coastal NN , coastal NN , and JJ NNS .	0	5	VBP	include	includes	5
the burden on some of us is more than we can carry .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the culture and community of traditional martial arts is a RB and interactive NN of people , ideas and traditions .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the mission of the arc of frederick county is to provide advocacy , access to resources , and assistance in increasing individual and family connections for people with developmental disabilities .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
according to the conflict thesis , any interaction between religion and science almost RB leads to open NN , with religion usually taking the part of the NN against new scientific ideas .	7	14	VBZ	leads	lead	7
a short distance from the village is a world war ii airfield which as raf high NNP was the home of 29 NNP , a royal air force maintenance unit .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
another large contributor to the local economy , at least on a part-time basis , is the tourism industry .	2	15	VBZ	is	are	13
the only talk pages which need keeping are pages with significant history .	3	7	VBP	are	is	4
patients and their doctors report significant medical benefits from their use of NN .	0	4	VBP	report	reports	4
a NN circuit , NNP park NNP , also occupies part of the airfield site .	2	9	VBZ	occupies	occupy	7
a JJ JJ detachment occurs when JJ or JJ tissue , caused by an injury , NN or NN , VBZ the JJ NN from the JJ NN NN .	9	20	VBZ	pulls	pull	11
large employers in the district include the louis armstrong international airport and NNP mall .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
certain countries involved in the NNP are interested in taking a specific security theme a step further .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
cited reasons for the protests include legislation recently passed or proposed on changes to NNP , changes to voting regulations , school NNS , and tax reform .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
any document after 1871 referencing it as province in JJ affairs is a reflection of the abolition of the han system and not de JJ existence of NNP province from CD .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
most cases have been published by french , german , japanese or american NNS , but occasional reports of indian , iraqi , egyptian , vietnamese , NNP and NNP women suggest a worldwide disorder .	17	31	VBP	suggest	suggests	14
two buildings in miller beach are on the national register of historic places .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the song `` NNP '' is an JJ fight song still popular with a large number of fans and alumni .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
a stream pool , in NN , is a stretch of a river or stream in which the water depth is above average and the water velocity is quite below average .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the maximum speed of the NNP is CD miles per hour .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
some document formats like NNP , or NNS in microsoft word , have JJ NNS .	2	12	VBP	have	has	10
the main driving force of mathematical advancement is its beauty , not any immediately obvious applications .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
in another revealing twist , phillip returns to NNP city and explains to nina that the reason he left all those years ago is because he was gay and felt back then he would not have been accepted .	16	23	VBZ	is	are	7
NNP ( NNP ) in eastern europe , and two albums exclusively for the german market , NNP NN NN ( you are my heart ) and NNP na VB NN ( what 's the weather like in the heart ) .	10	22	VBP	Are	Is	12
NNS in new zealand are the JJ officer in a municipal government in new zealand .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
another way to form a joint parliamentary committee is that two VBG chiefs of both houses can write to each other , communicate with each other and form the joint parliamentary committee .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the correct diagnosis of the NN is critical to any protocol .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
list of scottish gaelic NN wikipedia is not a dictionary , neither it is a guide to slang usage in foreign languages .	0	6	VBZ	is	are	6
and then you have to cite from that body of literature , of course ( and note that this body of academic literature has to be distinct from general genocide literature , in addition ) .	19	23	VBZ	has	have	4
my need to edit here VBZ out of my NN of editing and my awareness that there is too much here that needs to be kept and just RB VBN and not deleted .	1	5	VBZ	arises	arise	4
each item with an item number is available through the NNP program .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the food industry of the NNP economic region specializes in producing wheat , meat and dairy , mostly around the major industrial centers .	2	8	VBZ	specializes	specialize	6
former private residences such as NNP manor , CD from NNP , the castle in NNP and the saxon in NNP are ideal for exclusive use .	2	21	VBP	are	is	19
the JJ strength and NN of these NNS means that they will fight anything , and they have a particular NN for VBG creatures far larger than themselves .	2	8	VBZ	means	mean	6
sure , certain facts are sourced , but the interpretation of them as NN advocacy is not .	9	15	VBZ	is	are	6
stations serving the area include NNP ( cbs , actually licensed to NNP ) , wood ( nbc ) , NNP ( abc ) , and NNP ( fox ) .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
the extra copies displayed on the file page are JJ , i think .	2	8	VBP	are	is	6
the products used in the ads are NNP , NNP , NNP 's , NNP , NNP , and NNP .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
another component of his theoretical viewpoint is practice theory .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the NN of the small NNS is complicated , but the closest relative of the african NNP is the corn NNP , c .	12	17	VBZ	is	are	5
another argument states that since higher levels of personal NN are necessary , the target of the fear appeal who is most likely to act is one who is most likely to change his behavior to begin with .	14	25	VBZ	is	are	11
the scales of all NNS have an JJ component ( what one sees on the surface ) , but many NNS have VBN underlying the JJ scale , as do NNS and NNS .	1	5	VBP	have	has	4
in NN wind instruments the solid matter from which the instrument 's body is made takes on the role only of containing the fluid ( air ) that makes the sound .	6	15	VBZ	takes	take	9
oppose - to me , the purpose of editing wikipedia is not to earn NNS ( even though NNS are great ) , but to help improve the NN .	6	10	VBZ	is	are	4
the JJS way to get the right NN is to copy it ( not manually type it ) right off the template box along the right margin .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
many popular electric guitar effects , such as NN , NN and NN , use a variable NN control similar to a keyboard expression NN .	4	14	VBP	use	uses	10
but then one editor who edits as an ip and another is somewhat the pot calling the NN black .	3	11	VBZ	is	are	8
NNP railway station in NNP , ontario now serves as a railway museum .	2	8	VBZ	serves	serve	6
about a second later i get another warning that a copy of the same NNP is in my cache ( using firefox 3 .	10	15	VBZ	is	are	5
keep article only has one source cited now , but a quick google search shows that an article on the people themselves , not just the expression , is possible .	17	28	VBZ	is	are	11
a subsequent conversation with lord NNP reveals that the NNP alone knows NNP took NNP 's place , also that he fought with NNP 's men against NNP 's death squad .	2	6	VBZ	reveals	reveal	4
the reputation for `` excessive NN '' is perhaps JJ given the enormous amount of VBG talent that was connected with the development and modification of marks of this vintage ( as well as given the elaborate marketing efforts at eliminating all memory of these marks ) .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the rings on the NNS are less useful as guides .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
as the ip is controlled by NNP ( in the correct region of the us ) , i assume that the edits from previous years are irrelevant .	21	25	VBP	are	is	4
and as noted above , the fact that it was linked from the talkpage of the NNP article is JJ .	6	18	VBZ	is	are	12
no reliable sources , no official production , and NNS are rarely notable anyway .	2	10	VBP	are	is	8
his father , herman NNP , is a physicist who believes that all the JJ NNS will eventually be explained away .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
a former president of the royal astronomical society of canada NNP centre for six years and a prominent member of the american association of variable star observers , NNP has over CD , 000 observations of variable stars to his credit .	2	29	VBZ	has	have	27
and some people might think that the time they see for their own country or city is accurate time since they trust wikipedia .	7	16	VBZ	is	are	9
comment - actually , merge is a valid vote on an afd .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
JJ neighborhood RB NNP NNP VBZ the character of NNP NNP , d .	1	5	VBZ	replaces	replace	4
JJ damage to JJ tissue occurs after only 90 minutes .	1	5	VBZ	occurs	occur	4
the executive directors of the member societies of NNP meet together as the conference of administrative officers ( cao ) , which before 1988 was known as the conference of NNPS .	2	9	VBP	meet	meets	7
the problem in finding stephen is that he was taught to not speak to NNS , and is afraid of those who attempt to speak to him .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the capital of the regional unit is the town of NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
industry in the area consists of four commercial plant NNS and three large NN NNS .	0	4	VBZ	consists	consist	4
tenth tale ( i , 10 ) master alberto da NNP RB puts to VB a lady who sought occasion to put him to VB in that he was in love with her .	1	12	VBZ	puts	put	11
the traditional attractions of the night include street concerts , popular dancing parties , jumping over flames , eating VBN NNS and meat , drinking wine and releasing JJ JJ NNS over NNP 's summer sky .	2	6	VBP	include	includes	4
the heart of the book is the 250 pages of almost 400 JJ , photographed NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
larger guns , faster engines , and greater JJ capability are all available to existing ships .	1	10	VBP	are	is	9
april - forty merchant vessels are wrecked when a convoy led by hms apollo runs IN off portugal .	9	14	VBZ	runs	run	5
recent research carried out by a leading university from the uk , shows that NNP baby food contains more protein than any other baby food in the market worldwide .	1	12	VBZ	shows	show	11
the flow of the river depends greatly on the water level management in the NNP reservoir .	1	5	VBZ	depends	depend	4
the prime ministers of china and japan meet in vietnam IN a diplomatic disagreement , with NNP NNP clinton of the united states VBG into the dispute during a speech .	2	7	VBP	meet	meets	5
for comparison , radiation levels inside the us capitol building are 0 .	4	10	VBP	are	is	6
the springs ( rather than the community ) are the first place in queensland to have been formally registered as an aboriginal cultural heritage place - being a VBG place of great significance to the NNP NNP people .	1	8	VBP	are	is	7
due to the smaller mass of mars , the probability of an object NN with the planet is about half that of the earth .	9	17	VBZ	is	are	8
their ability to produce food is second only to the NNP , but their production of other resources is the highest in the game .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
although never mentioned by name , the commander leading the imperial attempt to steal the painting is grand admiral NNP .	7	16	VBZ	is	are	9
the relationship between the state of the economy and crime rates is JJ among the studies .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
i can not seem to find any third party scholarly information on it and most he information i am finding is on the actual NNP website which VBZ the series , or on other book websites that VBP the series .	16	20	VBZ	is	are	4
although NNP has virtually no permanent population , many residents from surrounding communities have houses there , which they stay in when visiting NNP for church , school , work , medical treatment or transport .	9	13	VBP	have	has	4
the species found in NNP , the NN NN , NNP NNS , is similar and has no back fin ; the NN NN , NNP NN , is larger , has a longer NN and a larger dorsal fin .	23	28	VBZ	is	are	5
a novel of the civil war is a new york times NN written by former speaker of the united states house of representatives NNP NNP , william r .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the NN figure of the JJ is the NN ; thus , cutting the NNS of the JJ at the NN of its incident edges produce 8 JJ cells .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the close association of shiva and NNP explains the presence of a statue of NNP at the gate of many temples dedicated to shiva .	2	7	VBZ	explains	explain	5
that said , people who have competed at the highest level of their sport are usually deemed to be notable .	3	14	VBP	are	is	11
an index of disabled reports is available here .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the third edition ( CD ) contains a third part consisting of a prose character of a holy man and JJ JJ poems .	2	6	VBZ	contains	contain	4
one such instance that is open for this is at point NNP national NNP .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the structure , established in april 1985 , is a JJ steel JJ tower with a white NN , standing on a reinforced concrete NN , supported on four NNS .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the NNS that feed lake NNP include the rivers NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
the story about NNP being buried alive , in the absence of his servant who alone knew of his NN to NN , is probably a myth .	1	23	VBZ	is	are	22
certainly all the NNS on the rhine and NNP end under NNP ' reign , especially those supported by the army .	3	9	VBP	end	ends	6
JJR station in little NNP provides rail access to central london via the metropolitan line and the london to NNP line .	1	5	VBZ	provides	provide	4
the meaning of the contract is to lay a code of behavior , on which the involved must be keeping with .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the JJ monument to general manuel NNP is a landmark of buenos aires , argentina .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
before they are interrupted by reinforcements , NNP tells NNP the young afghan girl unconscious in the NN is responsible for the NNS ' deaths , not he .	13	18	VBZ	is	are	5
when first telling his friends , he wrote `` it is like VBG a murder '' , and his writings at the time of the publication of darwin 's theory suggest emotional NN .	19	30	VBP	suggest	suggests	11
partial NNS such as banning from a particular area of editing are appropriate only for users whose other behavior is generally acceptable .	1	11	VBP	are	is	10
another reason why contributions from banned users should not be allowed is that , in some cases , the editors were banned for pushing a pov .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
it has been observed that NNP 's early works , from the time prior to his conversion , are also rich in religious references .	8	18	VBP	are	is	10
with many trains arriving at the same time platforms are not always available .	2	9	VBP	are	is	7
the economy of NNP del NNP is RB agricultural , and it is one of the nation 's leading producer of rice .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the principal of santa fe trail junior high school is kerry lane .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the math with its branches is a distinct legal entity .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
JJ bond NN is a process where the electron pair that comprised a bond moves to one of the atoms that was formerly joined by a bond .	9	14	VBZ	moves	move	5
as someone who has been following this discussion i would like to say that unfortunately baseball NNP interpretation of the situation is probably not that far off .	17	21	VBZ	is	are	4
the portrait of NNP NNP NNP is an 17th century buddhist NN of the NN and the physician NNP NNP NNP of tibet .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the average length of the suspicious NN as an JJ male is about nine NNS or about 3 .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
all in all there is little overlap , also because the scales used for the different works are mostly different .	11	17	VBP	are	is	6
the track that goes from NNP to NNP is standard gauge , which prevents suburban NNS from going to NNP and beyond .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the number of countries in the world is sufficiently low that a set of articles on their mutual travel and immigration restrictions is JJ .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the front side of the church facing the main square retains the original medieval sandstone dating from around the 12th century .	2	10	VBZ	retains	retain	8
the sum of the first four positive NNS is 33 .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
all decisions of the mayor have to be approved by the JJ general council of bucharest .	1	5	VBP	have	has	4
in 'the office , ' the uk version , ricky NNP says that NN stamps are legal tender - i do n't know if he meant generally or just in england .	7	11	VBZ	says	say	4
additional modifications from the original factory condition include the addition of a NNP NN installed in the bridge position ( not just a covered NNP as once thought ) , a metal NN rod plate , and a NN NN combination replacing the standard NN NN .	1	7	VBP	include	includes	6
the audience for programming during the morning broadcasting time is often larger and more JJ .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
single arm bar ( JJ lock ) in this technique , the position of the bodies is very similar to the one described just above .	2	16	VBZ	is	are	14
however , the discovery of a mutant NNP attracts the intervention of NNP and NNP .	3	8	VBZ	attracts	attract	5
the answer to that , at least at the household level , is yes .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
taking a certain tone can VB an idea that people in the know about computers are RB JJ when it comes to human interaction .	9	15	VBP	are	is	6
brian may , lead guitarist of legendary rock band queen is a local resident .	4	10	VBZ	is	are	6
the top surface of the NN is flat and horizontal , and is held in the tongue of the jack , which permits it to VB moving RB and pass almost RB past the string moving RB .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
part of his NN remains in the NNP water , around NNP bridge where he was VBN , his blood having VBN into the river .	0	4	VBZ	remains	remain	4
the risk of this can be reduced if the NNS ( or fake NNS ) have NNS that VBP each other and prevent the NNS becoming displaced and so leading to VBG .	9	15	VBP	have	has	6
other forms of habitat loss include the conversion of land for agriculture , including NN operations , and development for other uses such as residential space .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
with the exception of NNS and a JJ scene with NNP VBG the loss of roman life with radical students , the JJ congregations of the 1970s are between NNS and NNS .	23	27	VBP	are	is	4
the town of NNP itself has a population of 9 , CD .	1	5	VBZ	has	have	4
regional municipalities are usually implemented in census divisions where an VBN cluster of urban centres forms the majority of the division 's area and population .	11	15	VBZ	forms	form	4
our current way of dealing with NN is definitely not an excuse for dealing with other forms of disruption through NN in the same JJ way .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
with parts stolen from india , pakistan and russia , they hope to build a nuclear explosive device .	1	11	VBP	hope	hopes	10
the nigerian title of the NN is `` second chance '' title by NNP NNP NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
while members of some such groups believe such NNS are approved or endorsed by law , particularly by the second amendment to the united states constitution , they are in no way public authorities or organized military or national guard units of the country or their state .	1	6	VBP	believe	believes	5
holy NNS ( NNS ) according to orthodox theology , the purpose of the christian life is to VB NN , the JJ union of NN with god .	11	16	VBZ	is	are	5
local names for this bird include the portuguese NN and the spanish NN and NN ( VBN ) in colombia .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
roots of the NNS provide a valuable source of protein , minerals , and NNS .	0	4	VBP	provide	provides	4
the format of the author names in the citations follows the commonly used vancouver system .	1	9	VBZ	follows	follow	8
trains VBG at the station connect the town to prominent cities in india such as NNP , NNP , chennai , mumbai , bangalore , NNP , NNP , new delhi , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP NNP and so forth .	0	5	VBP	connect	connects	5
NN 's work , and so whether it is a subtle NN of NNP 's NN .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
also , the tunnels used by the prisoners are more extensive , full of activities such as VBG , the production of JJ NN NNS as NNS supposedly sold in berlin , and a steam room and NN for the prisoners .	3	8	VBP	are	is	5
NNP apologize for the confusion , the article that is now up of the site is simply a template with the basic shell outline of the band .	7	15	VBZ	is	are	8
the entire state of iowa , for example , is within the NN areas of the cubs , white sox , NNP , twins , cardinals , and NNS .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
items offered for sale include NN , NNS , NNS , NNS , home NN , natural NN products and NNS .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
in the student council ( or NNP ) , the entire JJ student body ( the middle school ) VBZ a NNP president from the eighth grade class .	13	19	VBZ	selects	select	6
a figure is a pattern of movement that typically takes eight counts , although figures with four or 16 counts are also common .	14	20	VBP	are	is	6
delete , RB my search for rs also fails , and i have found no evidence that the books in the NNP mention this web game ( as far as i can tell , they mention NNS in the context of eve online ) .	4	8	VBZ	fails	fail	4
important artists in this genre include manuel NNP , jos NNP NNP , NNP NNP NNP and NNP NNP de NNP .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
danny is convinced that the only thing that can save him is god .	6	11	VBZ	is	are	5
its JJ movement to the north between may and june is JJ with the beginning of the NN regime and JJ seasons across south and east asia .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
the NNS in this ring are JJ NNS or NNS specific to a product that the company sells .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the number of regular NNS at these churches is unknown .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the north side of the green also carries a plaque to the JJ collins 's music hall , which burned down in 1958 .	2	7	VBZ	carries	carry	5
people , he argues , are not NNS .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
the commander of this corporation , colonel NNP , is the primary NN .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
there is a longer recovery when compared to other sleep NN NNS , since the bones of the face have to VB into their new position .	15	19	VBP	have	has	4
information on the JJ succession in the NNP NN for the remainder of the NN and the whole of the 18th century is equally JJ .	0	22	VBZ	is	are	22
jon NNP of the new york times writes that NNP 's version of dance music on the album draws on `` the club music of the early 1990s '' .	11	18	VBZ	draws	draw	7
these figures would indicate that whites still form a majority of the dna database records , but that individual groups within ethnic communities have a JJ presence on the database relative to their numbers .	19	23	VBP	have	has	4
NNP 's well-known habit of carrying around his own drinks in a private hip NN allows JJ to take the NNP NNP as needed without raising suspicion .	3	15	VBZ	allows	allow	12
the `` NNP trilogy '' version of NNP prime is a fictional character of this branch of NNPS NN .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
the school , which opened in 1996 , serves CD and is part of the NNP independent school district .	1	8	VBZ	serves	serve	7
the large-scale programme of NN advocated by this model requires huge investments which are beyond the means of the private sector .	2	9	VBZ	requires	require	7
oppose , JJ behaviour and trivial consideration of blocks is not what we need .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
as years go by , software developers continually VBP the programs to increase the quality of the JJ decisions ( make them `` NN '' ) so that the need for manual NNS becomes increasingly rare .	29	33	VBZ	becomes	become	4
large parts of the article are unsourced , sources are not VBN .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
NNS stand out is that editors who RB disagree over one or more issues are generally very happy to work together in areas not affected by that issue , sometimes even when those NNS have been RB hostile .	5	14	VBP	are	is	9
if the feeling against this template is that strong , templates for deletion should rapidly arrive at the same conclusion that NNP did .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the storyline of club dead forms the basis of true blood 's third season .	1	5	VBZ	forms	form	4
a particular problem with scouting articles is the addition of unit links to articles that are of a national or JJ scope .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the aim of each level of the game is for a player 's wizard to reach a portal which appears after a JJ number of turns .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the original title VBN of NN , the revised one is worse .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
our understanding of the big bang begins with the NNP NNP , when the universe was 1 NNP time old and 1 NNP length in diameter , and had a NNP temperature of 1 .	1	6	VBZ	begins	begin	5
the second version of the video mostly features NNP performing the song and VBZ many of the party scenes .	2	7	VBZ	features	feature	5
bay harbor 's town center , the village at bay harbor , has NNS and restaurants where the former cement plant once stood .	4	12	VBZ	has	have	8
the mountain NNS , the only places where visitors are permitted spend a night into the park , are very good places to stay if you like to complete higher objectives .	2	11	VBP	spend	spends	9
NNP 's idea of the historical drama is unique for a spanish NN , for he seems to regard the historical drama as being capable of VBG closely to facts .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the articles on this page are all related to the japanese children manga magazine NNP comic , published by NNP .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
quantity of NN chemicals near NNP is significantly higher than background level in another countries , e .	0	6	VBZ	is	are	6
a JJ statue of pierre NNP stands on a hill west of NNP overlooking the town , looking north toward the ranch twelve miles away , and some of his remains are contained in the base of the statue .	2	6	VBZ	stands	stand	4
their unusual arrangements and JJ NNS make their music JJ to anything else being produced today in the genre of celtic fusion music .	2	6	VBP	make	makes	4
the postal address for the university is saint NNP , ny CD .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
traditionally the method for VBG the juice from the NNS involves placing sweet NN or hair NNS between the layers of NN .	2	10	VBZ	involves	involve	8
if all the players of one team RB leave the NN , the NN continues , with the JJ line for the leaving players the front foot of the leading player still in the NN .	3	8	VBP	leave	leaves	5
the only guys , who should be sorry , are those of the translation websites .	2	9	VBP	are	is	7
the purpose of the NNP regulation is to encourage JJ health and safety and protect workers and individuals present at NNS in british columbia from JJ risks to health , safety , and NN .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
in fact the translation of the name of NNP to english is ( roughly ) `` movement of people affected by NNP '' .	3	11	VBZ	is	are	8
the facade of the church is RB tall , common in JJ NNS , extending about 50 meters in height .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP 's other NN , his sister NNP , is married to music producer dave NNP ( ian brown , NNP mode and others ) .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
unless VBN , treaties VBN by the NNP republic remain in force for germany .	3	9	VBP	remain	remains	6
the paintings in the church are by NNP NNP , the altar is the work of NNP NNP , and the stations of the cross are by leopold layer .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
NNP baker 's novel , the NNP ( 1988 ) , includes a detailed discussion of various types of drinking NNS experienced by the narrator and their relative merits .	3	11	VBZ	includes	include	8
the future of the site as a functioning airport after such a sale is unclear .	1	13	VBZ	is	are	12
residential development on the north shore continues to rapidly VB NNS .	1	6	VBZ	continues	continue	5
members of the NNP traditionally VBP from previous united netherlands NNS .	0	5	VBP	originate	originates	5
the wedding of victoria , crown princess of sweden , and daniel NNP takes place in stockholm .	1	13	VBZ	takes	take	12
the downtown NNP campus of the university comprises a complex of ten buildings located west of the health sciences centre between NNP ave and william ave in central winnipeg .	3	7	VBZ	comprises	comprise	4
the losses of the russian armies are hard to assess .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
information taken from the plot itself is not independent reliable source material .	0	6	VBZ	is	are	6
the names of the other three men are still fully visible on the ship 's record .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
although NNP is a separate corporation from the church of NNP international , whose president and chief NN is NNP NNP , NNP is the effective leader of the movement .	14	18	VBZ	is	are	4
if this were kept , an JJ summary of the game is not encyclopedic and it would have to be VBN down considerably and have its notability asserted by something other than a JJ assertion .	7	11	VBZ	is	are	4
the story of both films involves a married couple moving into a new home and VBG the NN of removal men .	1	5	VBZ	involves	involve	4
the representative from the 3rd district is rosa l .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
songs highlighted in red are national day parade theme songs .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
the major authority of the religious of the sacred heart of mary is the general superior , who , with the general council have residence in rome , italy .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
the legs produced in the NN are RB different than the NN and NN legs .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
meanwhile , back on the farm , the rest of the family finds itself in the NN of an indian tribal war .	8	12	VBZ	finds	find	4
a JJ interest rate for VBG periods less than a year is always lower than the equivalent rate with annual NN ( this immediately follows from elementary JJ NNS of the formula for compound interest ) .	3	11	VBZ	is	are	8
the glass doors of the portal , representing the passion of christ , are the work of the NNP priest NNP from NNP .	2	13	VBP	are	is	11
this features the first , and only , time one of the NNS actually makes an appearance in the segment itself , with animal trainer NNP NNP coming out and VBG the two dead teenagers about what led to their death .	8	14	VBZ	makes	make	6
NNP syndrome , or NNP , is an JJ chronic condition characterized by JJ NN of most NNS following consumption .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
my reference , of course , is to VB , whose comments are telling .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
all the libraries of the five NNP campuses ( milan , NNP , NNP , rome and NNP ) use a JJ general catalogue .	2	19	VBP	use	uses	17
three volumes of corpus NNP NNP appear in the closing credits of the perry mason television series .	1	6	VBP	appear	appears	5
additionally , some schools which offer an NNP degree also offer degrees in electrical engineering or computer science separately .	3	10	VBP	offer	offers	7
oppose answers to questions all NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP provide JJ evidence of a complete lack of policy knowledge .	1	14	VBP	provide	provides	13
flag of the NNP valley italy the flag of the NNP valley consists of two vertical stripes ( the left black the right red ) , sometimes with the arms of the NNP valley in the centre .	0	12	VBZ	consists	consist	12
as with ireland ( island ) , i believe that the article about the nation state has to give way to the context article in terms of priority .	11	16	VBZ	has	have	5
other places of historical interest nearby are NNP NNP and the NNP .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
but NNP and NNP should be VBN because that little sentence in this one tiny article is the foundation of a new era in science , and in evolutionary science , and the double NN , as important and interesting as it is , is not the same thing .	10	16	VBZ	is	are	6
the reason why i bring this up is because such actions have a created a VBN , JJ , RB confusing read on the NNP cylinder page and the history of human rights article .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
however , dennis and his mother , mrs NNP , are political NNS and deny that any king who has not been elected by the people has any legitimate right to rule over them .	17	26	VBZ	has	have	9
like the other NNP NNS ( `` NNS '' in japan ) , NNP is connected to NNP , although the strength of this link varies from continuity to continuity , appearing at its strongest in the original animated series .	21	25	VBZ	varies	vary	4
the first water management facilities in the NNP valley also date to this time .	4	10	VBP	date	dates	6
a fire and NN team is the smallest unit above the individual soldier .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the fact that you are in a group gives you a feeling of reduced personal responsibility .	1	8	VBZ	gives	give	7
the couple NNS in horror and find themselves back at the red door .	2	6	VBP	find	finds	4
the systematic name of this enzyme class is atp NN ( NN ) .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the campus , located at 1901 mississippi avenue , se , consists of three connected buildings , NNS , basketball courts , and public space .	1	11	VBZ	consists	consist	10
all students and their family members are the part of the extended georgian family .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
list of active landing craft of the people 's liberation army navy is a list of landing craft currently in service with the people 's liberation army navy .	0	12	VBZ	is	are	12
yes the reason for the 1 listing on the NNP is due to the closed access nature of the journal .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
first , the article , which is rather lengthy , has only two references .	3	10	VBZ	has	have	7
the asteroid 's mean distance from the sun is 2 .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
the patterns of NNP , NNP , and JJ NN usually form a grid of squares , each of which contains JJ patterns with repeated NNS such as fish and plants , for example four VBN leaves forming a JJ cross .	1	11	VBP	form	forms	10
this action , which is aided by the NN muscle , requires the NN to be at least partially JJ .	1	11	VBZ	requires	require	10
use of `` JJ '' to refer to torture is now obsolete in english , but this old usage is shown in the common english word NN , and in the `` NNP '' curse in the harry potter fictional scenario .	0	9	VBZ	is	are	9
the book quoted in the first reference has two hits on the NNP NN , and the second one has very little for the publisher .	1	7	VBZ	has	have	6
hell NNS resemble real NNS or are JJ , but are burned or buried , typically within asian communities .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
a very common expression of canadian identity is to VB american NN of things canadian .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the closest translation to the latin follows the NN , with the noun NNP .	2	6	VBZ	follows	follow	4
the northern boundary of the reservation is the strait of juan de NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
this section on the british protocol is a little unclear to me .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the NN of all these conferences is professor NNP NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
in the original french , the name of the group is a NN on les NNP de NN , the friends of the VBN , `` that is to say , the people '' , writes hugo .	6	10	VBZ	is	are	4
an old tradition that he spent 25 years in rome is quite unacceptable .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
the diesel variants of NNP NNP are NNP NNP diesel NNP and NNP NNP diesel NNP premium .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the organization of a computer vision system is highly application dependent .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
we seem to be in a NN right now , and perhaps all this concern over admin promotion rates is not entirely VBN .	14	19	VBZ	is	are	5
in options markets , the difference in implied NN at different strike prices represents the market 's view of NN , and is called NN NN .	5	13	VBZ	represents	represent	8
the performance of such keys depends on the choice of the fragments used for constructing the keys and the probability of their presence in the database molecules .	1	5	VBZ	depends	depend	4
lyrics throughout most of afghanistan are typically in NNP ( persian ) and NNP .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
RB , a man who has RB pursued her through the play , offers NNS 1 , 000 pounds for NNP 's hand , and the deal is made .	3	13	VBZ	offers	offer	10
examples given in the novel of major league players with similar situations are steve NNP , chuck NNP , and rick NNP .	0	12	VBP	are	is	12
the JJ area ( NNP plain ) is and is positioned northwest of lake NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
march 2007 ( utc ) the only person in the uk who is literally `` above the law '' is the sovereign , since the whole judicial system VBZ its NN to the crown .	7	19	VBZ	is	are	12
the patron saint of the NNP is saint michael , and his feast day of september 29 is celebrated as the day of the NNP city district .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the level of NN the NN wishes to achieve with the dog is also a major factor in the time involved , as is the commitment to training by the NN .	1	6	VBZ	wishes	wish	5
the people on that forum ( all animation NNS or students ) feel like the JJ movement is VBG or NN .	1	12	VBP	feel	feels	11
the topic appears to be pressure , in that the head of water in the NN is sufficient to lift the NNS .	10	16	VBZ	is	are	6
the source of upper pine bottom run is on JJ NNP rock , and the stream cuts deeper as it flows east to pine creek .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
true then the value of that cell tells you what error it is .	3	7	VBZ	tells	tell	4
the left hand sides of these NNS are JJ theories VBN at a point .	3	7	VBP	are	is	4
their score for NN lovers is one of the best film scores i own .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
after developing a few there , i will post back here and make sure the quality to which i bring the stubs ( though obviously not fa or even JJ status ) is acceptable .	15	32	VBZ	is	are	17
pages that are redirects get hardly any edits , so they should not be much of a burden on your watchlist .	0	4	VBP	get	gets	4
unfortunately , earthquake source parameters in the NNP are often absent , incomplete , or JJ .	4	8	VBP	are	is	4
NNS stated as fact in commonly accepted reference texts are to be taken as majority NNS .	0	9	VBP	are	is	9
however when a police officer , NNP NNP , visits the fort bringing some milk , ann NNP NN for help and the authorities are VBN to the NNS ' presence .	4	9	VBZ	visits	visit	5
nearly every electrical consumer , industrial and domestic , uses one or more of mr .	3	9	VBZ	uses	use	6
a second feature of governmental theory is the scope of the NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the second highest peak on the island , mount NNP , is nearly as tall as NNP NNP , with an elevation of .	3	11	VBZ	is	are	8
the nearest town to golden gate highlands national park is NNP ( 17 km to the west ) , but NNP is also easily reached via a good NN road , driving through the access gate to the east of the park .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the alignment with the JJ is JJ .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the JJ progress and news is released by the media around the world , the site created for the occasion receives millions of visits from more than 110 countries and thousands of NNS from around the globe .	15	20	VBZ	receives	receive	5
the ability to VB with others of differing cultural NNS , values , NNS and NNS is dependent upon the JJ NNS of the relating parties .	1	16	VBZ	is	are	15
the villages of NNP and NNP , as well the district capital NNP are mixed NNP and NNP .	1	13	VBP	are	is	12
in general , the NN reporters and media organizations are from beijing and important provincial capitals , the greater their NN .	5	9	VBP	are	is	4
thus this article on NNP 's d VBZ a gap in wikipedia .	2	7	VBZ	fills	fill	5
the NNS of bowling green , NNP , kelly NNP and NNP are in the parish .	1	12	VBP	are	is	11
a chapel with a NN on a large cattle farm north of the settlement dates to the early 20th century .	1	14	VBZ	dates	date	13
colleges in america generally play under the code defined in ncaa football rules and interpretations .	0	4	VBP	play	plays	4
the top height of the ride is .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the reason behind this NN is that edits are initiated not by current user , but by banned user .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the article stating most known as the executive marketing assistant for a film kind of says it all .	1	15	VBZ	says	say	14
the northern boundary to the east of CD street is CD avenue , and west of CD street is located half a block south of CD avenue .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the area of the NN is mostly flat , with few rises or hills .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
formerly a residential hotel , currently the red brick and limestone building has CD JJ apartments .	3	12	VBZ	has	have	9
the origin of a royal NN collection distinct from the official crown NNS is vague , though it is thought that the NNS have their origin somewhere in the JJ century .	1	13	VBZ	is	are	12
vehicles which provide JJ power to VB an JJ train , but are not generally considered locomotives because they have VBN space or are rarely detached from their trains , are known as power cars .	0	12	VBP	are	is	12
today the work of the NNP is much better known in italy than elsewhere ; much of the work is held , outside the public record , in private collections there .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the california NN NN can be VBN from the other species in the genus by the interrupted NNS across the NNS ; other species either lack NNS , or have NNS which span the entire body segment .	23	29	VBP	have	has	6
using the JJ junction as the boundary VBG the JJ border of the attached NN , a JJ NN in inserted into the NN NN to measure how much of the VBN NN NN to the JJ junction is in fact attached to the underlying bone .	18	38	VBZ	is	are	20
NNP dogs that originated in NNP , NNP dogs are heavy dogs with high NN but little speed .	1	9	VBP	are	is	8
his areas of academic specialty include NNP , the NNP , and NNP .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
a reference to the primary source is the way to do this .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
traditionally , the first time a member of one yacht club visits another , there is an exchange of NNS .	4	11	VBZ	visits	visit	7
NNP 's neighbor since childhood and her love interest ( which he is unaware of , he sees her as a little sister ) .	2	17	VBZ	sees	see	15
undergraduate , graduate , alumni , and faculty in civil engineering are all eligible to become members provided some basic requirements are met .	4	11	VBP	are	is	7
JJ computer applications with an JJ interface ( NNP ) are those whose child windows reside under a single parent window ( usually with the exception of NN windows ) .	2	10	VBP	are	is	8
the concept of a naval task force is as old as NNS , but the term came into extensive use originally by the united states navy around the beginning of 1941 , as a way to increase operational NN .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
support , the whole layout is JJ and the article is fully accurate .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
a selection of papers presented at each meetings is subsequently prepared for publication in the conference series social philosophy today .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
a road bridge here on the NNP national road links south africa with NNP and the town is the south african border post .	2	17	VBZ	is	are	15
supporters of the JJ say that the new station will get the citizens closer to the commercial center ; critics say that the new station will VB the already VBN NNP station .	0	4	VBP	say	says	4
a NN NN , the NNP , is also available .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the efficiency of the train network is poor , with regular delays and VBG on major routes .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
its sister canal on the NNP of dublin is the royal canal .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
or the creek continues to be a major pollution problem today would probably read better as pollution continues to be a major problem for the creek ( avoid today and the rest of the sentence gives a year anyway ) .	31	35	VBZ	gives	give	4
dubai companies like the airline NNP describe themselves as `` JJ '' -- launched by the state but no longer VBN by it -- and publish annual reports VBN by NNS to prove it .	1	6	VBP	describe	describes	5
the point , however , is to change it .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
track 6 on the album is a special duet titled `` two different worlds '' which carlos performs with the broadway performer and recording artist linda NNP .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
fair use in CD CD this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
animals from the forests like NNS and NNS seek refuge in human homes to spend winter .	0	8	VBP	seek	seeks	8
the form of a question defines the form of its answer .	1	5	VBZ	defines	define	4
slight usage notice , which is probably compatible with gfdl ( requires NN and link , as does gfdl , requests e-mail notice of usage ) .	2	11	VBZ	requires	require	9
the list that you suggest as an alternative provides no sourced information about this notable topic and so does not meet the requirements of our editing policy .	1	8	VBZ	provides	provide	7
his mutant power of VBG space within his body , however , remains the same in all versions .	2	12	VBZ	remains	remain	10
NN can not seem to leave a topic of editing alone while dispute resolution related to that topic moves forward .	13	18	VBZ	moves	move	5
the single largest category of NN disorders is that of JJ disorders , which includes all cases in which fear and NN is triggered by a specific NN or situation .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
in the 1991 documentary the search for robert johnson , blues musician johnny NNP VBZ a JJ battle he had with blues legend robert johnson on opposing street corners in helena , arkansas in the 1930s - to draw away each other 's NNS .	10	22	VBP	legend	legends	12
the only number retired by the cardinals football program is 16 , worn by johnny NNP .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the athletic area of NNP also includes two baseball fields , a track , and a NNS area to the left of the main stands of NNP stadium .	2	6	VBZ	includes	include	4
NNP NNP ) , but the editor 's facility with wikipedia NN and procedures raises suspicion for someone who claims not to have edited recently .	8	14	VBZ	raises	raise	6
anderson argues that the main causes of nationalism and the creation of an VBN community are the reduction of JJ access to particular script languages ( e .	5	15	VBP	are	is	10
a full report of the findings from 1985 has still to be published .	2	8	VBZ	has	have	6
i believe that NNS -- NNP , news of the world -- are not reliable sources , and the section that NNS and occasional editors keep adding fails our blp policy .	3	12	VBP	are	is	9
comment winning a first wiki debate feels great , better than VBG such a short , JJ page .	0	6	VBZ	feels	feel	6
chicago project categories for encyclopedic articles provide an alternative navigation option that helps readers to find encyclopedic articles or group of articles related to chicago or the chicago metropolitan area .	2	6	VBP	provide	provides	4
his mother , despite shown as cold and NN , says `` do n't expect me to do this a second time '' and brings NNP 's life from the NNP back into the world of the living .	1	10	VBZ	says	say	9
however , recent NNS of the cd have in fact contained doyle and NNP in the insert , as opposed to NNP and image .	3	7	VBP	have	has	4
i do n't know how steve came to the impression that ronnie and i would fit in this scenario , but i have to say that the end result , le chat NNP , is one of my favorite rock albums of all time .	28	34	VBZ	is	are	6
several sections of the article are JJ and should be converted to VBG prose .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the type locality of NNP NNS is south NNPS in romania .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP serial number on the NN label on the NNS is CD .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
infobox , at least it is in my firefox browser .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
for dental health , frequency of sugar NN is more important than the amount of sugar consumed .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
the trial of NNP NNP , wife of former communist NN bo NNP , for the alleged murder of british businessman neil NNP begins in the chinese city of NNP .	1	23	VBZ	begins	begin	22
the VBG person , however , has a responsibility to keep NNS down to a minimum .	2	6	VBZ	has	have	4
furthermore if any job in the pipeline fails , recovery actions will be wider than just VBG this single job .	3	7	VBZ	fails	fail	4
when the ball is new it usually NNS very little but it will generate a lot of speed , NN and variation off the NN ( because the NN on a new ball stands out more than that on an old ball ) .	28	33	VBZ	stands	stand	5
the element of sonic NNP is an ep by NNP out , released on fat wreck NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the traditions and values of phi sigma NNP live on through phi sigma phi .	1	8	VBP	live	lives	7
the amount of the eclipse is different depending where you are on the surface of the earth .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
many tourists at JJ NNS such as NNP wear NN clothes throughout their holiday .	1	8	VBP	wear	wears	7
live at the electric also features his own sketches , which are largely dark NN .	0	5	VBZ	features	feature	5
the only way to make it look straight is to crop it as i have done .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
a simple NN of a graph is a new graph obtained by the identification of two adjacent NNS .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the first houses of this type date from the 19th century , and many are still in use .	2	14	VBP	are	is	12
his wife , jane NNP NNP , is prominent in nebraska politics .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
JJ NNS and NNS on the JJ surface indicate JJ movement to the north-west .	1	8	VBP	indicate	indicates	7
in the instance that i 've noticed , the user provides age , fairly detailed location information , and the high school that he or she VBZ .	21	26	VBZ	attends	attend	5
the title of the book is a NN on a NN of soviet JJ propaganda , describing communism as the `` NNP heights '' .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
your point about food , however , is valid .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the most important tasks of the parliament of the NNP community include the election and the supervision of the government of the NNP community , the adoption of NNS for the NNP community and the preparation and adoption of the annual budget .	3	11	VBP	include	includes	8
the essential difference between NN and JJ nationalism is that members of a NN , by definition , are no longer resident in their national or ethnic homeland .	10	18	VBP	are	is	8
JJ acid ( NNP ) is a JJ JJ species ( NNP ) .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the rights of NNS , NNS , NNS , and NN ( lgbt ) persons in denmark are extensive and a high priority , reflecting the tolerance of danish society .	1	17	VBP	are	is	16
the larger group of world war ii military burial is at NNP wan war cemetery in NNP wan .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
NNS , NNS , NNS , and wind boards are available with a sand beach for an exciting water program .	0	9	VBP	are	is	9
the JJ standard is VBN by NNP , but often engineers and applications guides continue to use the rs designation .	10	14	VBP	continue	continues	4
the specific name , NN , is in honor of brazilian NN NNP NNP de NNP ( CD ) .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
an image processor or image processing engine is a specialized digital signal processor used for image processing in digital cameras , mobile phones or other devices .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the NNP NNP men , who VBZ the five NNP , wear the NN partly to cover their long , JJ hair ( NN ) .	3	11	VBP	wear	wears	8
nonetheless , nobility per se has rarely constituted a closed caste ; acquisition of sufficient power , wealth , military NN or royal favour has , occasionally or often , enabled NNS to VB into the nobility .	12	24	VBZ	has	have	12
the fact that the data makes you JJ is not a reason to VB it .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the portrait of princess saint NNP ( ) is a painting by portuguese renaissance artist NNP NNP .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
NN NNS , such as nuclear and coal , often have very high fixed costs , high plant load factor and very low marginal costs .	1	10	VBP	have	has	9
if the player 's time or score in brain age check or training is high enough , it will appear on one or both of the top three .	4	13	VBZ	is	are	9
the only reason people would want a template for their NNS is because they want NN , which , in certain cases , can lead to NN .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
google searches in english and hebrew say that the author of NNP NNP on NNP NNP NNP in NNP NNP NNP NNP is rabbi NNP NNP cohen .	9	22	VBZ	is	are	13
compared with NNP UH , the shell of NNP NN is smaller , its length varying between 0 .	6	10	VBZ	is	are	4
income tax on personal income is a progressive tax .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
an unnamed JJ man ( lee NNP ) drives RB through downtown seoul on a NN summer afternoon , with the view outside , RB VBN through the car windows , NN and VBD .	3	8	VBZ	drives	drive	5
the gmina covers an area of , and as of 2006 its total population is 17 , CD ( out of which the population of NNP NNP NNP amounts to 9 , CD , and the population of the rural part of the gmina is 7 , CD ) .	36	44	VBZ	is	are	8
NNS to NNP if i seem to have VBN the diffs .	0	5	VBP	seem	seems	5
the code in the action block follows a JJ NN with a limited set of built in functions .	1	6	VBZ	follows	follow	5
the second half of the album has more of a pastoral feel to it , including the JJ JJ ballad the earth beneath our feet .	2	6	VBZ	has	have	4
it is a JJ procedure that should only ever be used when the time to travel to the nearest NN chamber is too long to save the victim 's life .	13	21	VBZ	is	are	8
the newest ones 14 and 15 seem not to have gathered that much attention .	2	6	VBP	seem	seems	4
the potential NN of this method is that you always have to give preference for one suit or other , and you may not want any switch in particular .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
unfortunately , the way that 3rr is set up , a person who follows CD is NN in the face of a persistent and JJ pov NN .	3	15	VBZ	is	are	12
a brass plaque fixed to the tower VBZ his contribution to the church and notes that in 1901 he paid for the restoration of the tower and provided two new bells .	2	7	VBZ	acknowledges	acknowledge	5
examples of the city beautiful movement 's works include the city of chicago , the columbia university campus , and the national mall in washington d .	0	8	VBP	include	includes	8
book to film NNP and NNP is part of their lineup .	0	6	VBZ	is	are	6
the formation of the JJ complex ( JJ ) marks the potential sites for the NN of dna NN .	1	9	VBZ	marks	mark	8
the nest , built mainly by the female , is a shallow cup in a NN or dense bush into which the usually two JJ JJ eggs are laid .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the dean 's december [ 10 ] this 2000 novel , the last one by its author , features a narrator named NNP who wrote a biographical sketch of john NNP NNP and who was friends with the titular homosexual professor .	9	18	VBZ	features	feature	9
the outcome of the suit is unknown .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the trunk of this plant is JJ and JJ m tall .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the task of the NN is to form a new government coalition and lead the negotiations about the government agreement and the composition of the government .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
his battle cry `` NNP an NN '' , in scottish gaelic , VBZ to `` the NNP 's rock .	2	13	VBZ	translates	translate	11
other factors , including engine NN , custom NN and luxury NNS , such as power NNS , power NN , and `` JJ '' or automatic NN systems , help determine whether a car is considered a classic .	1	30	VBP	help	helps	29
the first avenue on the left , beyond NNP avenue , is NNP road where stands that curious structure known as the bottle tower or hall 's barn .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
an audience for the NNS to JJ films develops , and NNS built around this music appear , most RB leigh NNP 's NNP .	1	8	VBZ	develops	develop	7
the basic problem with VBG a gas NN for NNS is to decide what NNS to allow for .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
critical studies on the NN of scientific and social orders also dealt with evaluation procedures used by international development agencies , the NN of NN and science and a brief history of unesco .	1	11	VBP	dealt	dealt	10
researchers must VB the numerical values or NNS very precisely to ensure accurate results and that impacts of events on each other are realistic and not JJ .	16	22	VBP	are	is	6
this NNP source in the article is essentially just a directory listing on a commercial website .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
another famous painting depicting some NNS and also NNS ( leading to a series of additional paintings ) is NNP by t .	2	18	VBZ	is	are	16
some techniques used for VBG trees are unique to a particular process , whereas other techniques are common to all , though the implementation may be for different reasons .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
the reference to `` the super '' is a bit NN .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
a scientist states that the JJ are very interested in his `` power set .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
length of the bridge is CD .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
the hanging bridge across the river adds to the JJ NN of the beautiful picture painted by mother nature .	2	6	VBZ	adds	add	4
it can be closed only a necessary warning to everyone that asking if mass VBG a page is a good idea in that forum gets the same answer that asking a group of republicans if VBG every policy of NNP obama is a good idea .	13	17	VBZ	is	are	4
the main body of the book is in four parts , as follows .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the main improvement i can think of is that the exposition could use a few more NNS .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the overall sound of the album is slightly flat and VBD , to give a similar sound to the varying productions of each track which are taken from the albums between the years 1974 up to 1977 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the owners of the property are legally responsible for what goes on at their property .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the floor of the crater is level and has most likely been VBN by subsequent lava flows , or by NN and NN deposits .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP 's treatment of the genus NN is the general NN which has been used in subsequent revisions and additions .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the rail service from NNP to NNP railway station runs daily from early in the morning until very late at night and is the most RB operated section of the NNP .	2	9	VBZ	runs	run	7
my opinion on adminship of NN is similar to musical NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the fact that they both exist might just indicate that any information about the new NNP album is unclear and JJ .	11	17	VBZ	is	are	6
further , NNP , VBZ remember that many editors , especially newer ones , operate without the serious investment in time that learning the NNS of every NN takes .	8	14	VBP	operate	operates	6
in the new tower they built , a chamber in the tower has their JJ displayed over the windows .	8	12	VBZ	has	have	4
average age of a parent ( which is essentially what we mean by the length of a generation ) is significantly less than that .	1	19	VBZ	is	are	18
the editing history speaks for itself , and the occurrence of some correct changes is odd , but given the absolute lack of communication , these issues have gone on long enough .	3	14	VBZ	is	are	11
its hard to see the line where popularity and notability divide , however when major newspapers and not just average people begin using it as a source , its clear its passed that line .	15	21	VBP	begin	begins	6
the NN being appealed by captain NNP is one that i issued due to a previous closure of an NNP case .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the studio recording version of `` NNP no NNP '' heard on NNP no NNP is completely different song , which features renewed composition by the NN NNP NNP .	3	15	VBZ	is	are	12
the mann family of NNP of germany is a NNP family .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the complexity of the NN is 30 NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
these organizations , as part of their `` NN '' , they often use JJ means to convince women not to have NNS , and VB to tell women that they do not offer NNS [ 34 ] .	1	13	VBP	use	uses	12
the president and ceo of NNP together is angela griffin , with anthony pleasant serving as vice president .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the space y is called the NN of x , and is the NN of x at the NNS , and is the rational NN type of x .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
the railway from NNPS to NNP is an important french JJ long railway line , that connects NNPS and northern france to NNP and southern france via NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
habitat loss due to logging and JJ separation from other populations means that the NN deserves special attention .	1	11	VBZ	means	mean	10
sarah 's letters from san francisco are full of questions about NNP 's course , she was JJ for information and NN about her own lack of knowledge .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
if the entry in row i of x is unknown , the entry in row i of b must be known , and vice NN .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the west branch of the NNP river makes up the western border for the city .	2	7	VBZ	makes	make	5
the large number of reverts RB is due to the JJ , JJ use of a vandal bot .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the teams that automatically qualified include the same `` super six '' teams that were automatically qualified for the final group stage in the two previous tournaments , plus slovakia and germany which ( NNP rankings VBG ) are often regarded as the seventh and eighth best teams .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
in winter , the fur on the back and NNS is long and VB , consisting of RB guard NNS with a NN , soft NN .	4	10	VBZ	is	are	6
his voting record in the european parliament shows his clear JJ stance .	2	7	VBZ	shows	show	5
the JJ method of VBG NNS is at its most accurate when the NN of the object is near to south or north .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the distance to the state capital , NNP , is CD kilometers .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
NNP 's house in fort pierce is a national historic landmark .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
and while NNS are a common cause in children , the cause of NN ani in adults is rarely so simple to VB and treat .	11	17	VBZ	is	are	6
the JJ women figures used in many of his sculptures are a product of this time and style .	3	10	VBP	are	is	7
his `` NN '' and tomb are to the north of CD ; and the graves of his six NNS are close by .	15	20	VBP	are	is	5
moreover , the information in the article is just trivia and not something important .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the paid version ( pro version ) has some extra features , like setting a max number of instances per process , and the ability to run the core as a system service .	2	7	VBZ	has	have	5
because its structure , this kind of speaker creates sound mostly to JJ and NN of speaker .	2	8	VBZ	creates	create	6
NNP 's ability to express his opinion , moore sends NNP the money `` RB '' .	2	9	VBZ	sends	send	7
the main reason why i created the template is that not only this is only showing that it is not only a subject that relates to russia , but it ( mainly ) VBZ notability , which is very JJ on here .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
major customers for NNP services are the large global pharmaceutical companies .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
a JJ neck , with no head , extends about as high as the NN 's body .	2	8	VBZ	extends	extend	6
the NNP NNS in st NNP 's and halifax NNP still exist .	2	11	VBP	exist	exists	9
this layer is little affected by soil forming processes ( VBG ) , and the lack of JJ development is one of the defining attributes .	15	19	VBZ	is	are	4
this rich collection of music manuscripts and early NNS comprises nearly 10 , 000 manuscripts and printed works , with some works appearing in several individual collections .	2	9	VBZ	comprises	comprise	7
the cemetery , located at 400 NNP avenue , has historical significance as the burial place of joshua and john NNP who fought with george washington in the revolutionary war .	1	9	VBZ	has	have	8
the official positions , the facts , and the actions of many NNS say otherwise .	2	13	VBP	say	says	11
a popular tourist attraction in the town is the NNP FW NNP .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the translation for `` male monkey `` ( english ) is `` NN '' ( portuguese ) .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
the name of the town dates from 20 september CD , when it was mentioned in a document as `` NNP NNP '' ( meaning NNP , referring to the NN resources nearby ) .	1	5	VBZ	dates	date	4
the electronic structure of a crystal is in general described by a band structure , which defines the NNS of electron NNS for each point in the NNP zone .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
jews , the parents of the other are muslims , or christians , or NNS ) are simply unable to marry in israel at all .	3	7	VBP	are	is	4
the reason for this NN is europeans saw the NNS used in an arabic book , concerning the hindu art of NNP , by NNP JJ NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
JJ NNS of the new testament include some accounts of the NN of jesus in the course of his ministry .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
the subsequent stops in NNP 's city centre are NNP ( with change from NNP to NNP procedures and NN system ) , NNP NNP am NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	2	8	VBP	are	is	6
another change in the revived era is the NN of many companions ' NN lives , particularly their NNS ; no companion was so depicted in the classic era .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the first point of attack in this transformation is to change the discourse that VBZ expressions of power contained in mainstream culture .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
along the way they encounter NNS , romantic NNS and JJ plots that all VBP to stop them from completing their duties .	8	14	VBP	threaten	threatens	6
a third style that combines these two , , is also available .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the NN operation that VBZ the NN for conversion into paper requires a JJ addition of NN , which ends up in the NN of that operation .	2	11	VBZ	requires	require	9
the news at NNP is a news programme broadcast from the magical world of NNP , in which NN NNS and children 's stories are real .	19	24	VBP	are	is	5
any one suggesting this article for this use needs to VB verifiability and reliability policy .	4	8	VBZ	needs	need	4
his first feature film as a director is 9 which won many awards in various film festivals and was the official turkish entry for the 2003 academy award for best foreign language film .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
this work is considered by many of NNP 's NNS as his verse NN , for its evident NN , the depth of feeling it displays , and the unusual quality of its poetic expression .	21	25	VBZ	displays	display	4
portrayed as an NN and JJ character despite prior NNS in drug dealing and street NNS , he knows that his inclusion within the crew is his chance to make it big .	21	25	VBZ	is	are	4
a mountain bike loop , maintained by the jersey off road NNP association , is especially popular .	3	14	VBZ	is	are	11
outlets for 3 phase power also exist but are not found in homes .	0	6	VBP	exist	exists	6
an object with an JJ NN of exactly 90 degrees has a JJ rotation which is neither JJ nor NN .	1	10	VBZ	has	have	9
the upper wings of both NNS are JJ green and the under wings are JJ bronze .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the amount of snow received during winter months largely depends on the area of forest falls under consideration , as the community extends over an elevation range of approximately .	1	9	VBZ	depends	depend	8
and the folks who do the stone NN , as a group , have an excellent reputation for accuracy .	2	13	VBP	have	has	11
it is probably not a NN that the greek NNS for NNS and NN are so similar .	9	14	VBP	are	is	5
and this focus on edit counts really kills me .	2	7	VBZ	kills	kill	5
she is NNP NNP ( dana NNP ) , whose mother , karen NNP ( kay NNP ) , is paul 's current girlfriend .	10	19	VBZ	is	are	9
ok fine , keep because it is well referenced , has just as much as the sexual orientation article .	1	10	VBZ	has	have	9
the JJ texts of the NNP , which includes the NNP , is in older NNP , with short , later additions in younger NNP .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
the other members of his team are matthew stanley , steven kent and andy NNP .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the aim of the whole accusation of user NNP is that user NNP wants to VB editors with different opinions .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
a first generation american with deep african roots , moses is JJ about his charity , music in action .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
google search for the company name brings up , of which 37 are `` unique '' .	1	6	VBZ	brings	bring	5
church of which the pope is head .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
the model to keep in mind in the understanding of how JJ occurs in a JJ JJ NN is the following .	1	18	VBZ	is	are	17
works in the right NNS include an NNP NNP 's NNP of the NNP ( CD , third chapel ) , NNP NNP 's NN of madonna with child and st .	0	5	VBP	include	includes	5
the latest version of NNP 2 is RB .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
many witnesses and independent experts claim that there were , in fact , two groups of NNS , and that the first group was already at the school when the second group arrived by truck .	1	5	VBP	claim	claims	4
NNP 's first NN , russian NNP NNP ( 1967 ) , remains a definitive study in the field .	3	12	VBZ	remains	remain	9
in both cases , the front or main side of the object is the same .	5	12	VBZ	is	are	7
all governments in australia also have policies and guidelines that require accessible public websites ; vision australia maintain a complete list of australian web NN policies .	1	5	VBP	have	has	4
NNP added that the documents of the second vatican council `` are much too RB and deeply VBD to be VBN .	4	11	VBP	are	is	7
the biggest problem i am running into is that there is little information about NNP other than from their site that i can reference , since there are not a lot of articles about them on the NN .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
a strategy , s , in g is a NNP of g if and only if s is a nash equilibrium of g and s is a NN perfect equilibrium of NNP .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the florida NNP women 's track and field team has its own category .	5	9	VBZ	has	have	4
the thing to do at this point is to RB discuss your differences at the article 's talk page .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
no man whose amateur status is a matter of question or whose play has been RB is eligible to this national team , which , in keeping with its honorary nature , i VBP to VB to NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the only person taking this too seriously is the nominator .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the ultimate number of names that is filled in the parameter is equal to , or greater than , the number of the seats in the district in question CC one , and greatly depends on the length of the subject 's term .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
also , the principle of dual notability is central to NN and there is no reason why that should not be applied to lists as well .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the barrier of hybrid NN occurs after VBG species overcome JJ NNS ( behavioral , mechanical , etc .	1	5	VBZ	occurs	occur	4
NNP 's 100 different shows each week , include JJ programs in 14 languages .	4	8	VBP	include	includes	4
the intended prospect of JJ mediation is to improve upon the ability and NN of NNS to deal with subsequent differences .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
their NN NNS , like those in humans , produce an NN , RB , JJ NN that gains its characteristic NN upon JJ NN .	2	9	VBP	produce	produces	7
the only sources for the hp article are our wikipedia article plus this VBG on commons which we PRP have not yet decided to cite .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
prominent geographic features associated with NNP include richardson bay and pine point .	2	6	VBP	include	includes	4
NNP in contrary to NNP argues that the similarities in the languages are a result of contact with greek and JJ NN due to commercial trade .	8	12	VBP	are	is	4
penalties VBG from played CD and CD are JJ in the direction of play .	0	7	VBP	are	is	7
the red color of red wine comes from NNS VBN from the VBN ( crushed ) NNS , over a period of days during the NN process .	2	6	VBZ	comes	come	4
NNP 's support to information operations comes in many NNS .	2	6	VBZ	comes	come	4
yes , more could be written about specific aspects of his poetry , but i take the view that an article on the poet himself should contain a general overview , and the three broad areas already covered in the article are those which dominate du fu criticism .	35	41	VBP	are	is	6
england , but instead multiple reliable sources from netherlands , the republic of ireland and even australia are available , not to mention all parts of the uk .	6	17	VBP	are	is	11
the purpose of this page is to highlight that great work that has been done .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the special rounds in the middle part of the game , add an extra element of random to normal NN , as scores can be VBN out , go into NN figures , or VB the person VBG to the top of the score board .	2	11	VBP	add	adds	9
sixty '' NNP NNP center is a louisiana department of public safety and NNP prison for men in unincorporated washington parish , louisiana , near NNP .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
NNP 's research has VBN on understanding how the NN of an NN VBZ its behaviour and characteristics , and how that information may be used to improve quality of life .	9	13	VBZ	specifies	specify	4
the chair of this committee is major general NNP salem l .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
list of drama films is a JJ listing of films in the drama genre .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
NN again makes a long statement telling everybody that i am wrong and that there interpretation of what i have said is wrong .	15	21	VBZ	is	are	6
the museum 's history of publications in the field of archaeology goes back to 1852 .	3	11	VBZ	goes	go	8
reliable sources for sheet music include NNP .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
the problem , however , is that when i go into internet explorer , i get tons of script errors everywhere .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the earliest evidence of a european episcopal school is that established in NNP spain at the second council of toledo in CD .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the NN of the NN VBN against the JJ vocal , like a spirit VBG overhead , can VB NNS , and the power of this song is almost equal to joan 's own .	23	27	VBZ	is	are	4
the village of NNP further north in the JJ area bears the same name and it VBZ the abbey at NNP of more than one hundred years .	1	10	VBZ	bears	bear	9
the beginning of the hurricane season is most closely related to the timing of increases in sea surface temperatures , JJ NN , and other JJ factors .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the remaining section of the freeway stub is now washington state route CD .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
these songs were probably created during the eighteenth century , though elements of the texts are no doubt far older .	11	15	VBP	are	is	4
the dimension of a face is the dimension of this hull .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
in practice , no description of a mechanism is ever complete because not all details of the parts and processes of a mechanism are fully known .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
JJ advocates , however , continue to press and hope for the recognition of an opinion privilege .	1	5	VBP	continue	continues	4
a girls ' night at ashley 's turns into a disaster when j .	3	7	VBZ	turns	turn	4
the general council was established in 1953 , but the history of the philippines NNPS of god goes back to the 1920s .	10	17	VBZ	goes	go	7
this is because analysis of the process data is a key to understand the process and keep it under NN statistical control .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
in the monkey brain , NNS in the NNP are active in association with specific learned sequences of movement .	5	9	VBP	are	is	4
the defence arrangements which have been established under the eu institutions are part of the common security and defence policy ( NNP ) , a branch of the common foreign and security policy ( NNP ) .	2	11	VBP	are	is	9
the responsibilities of the local group are to gather people locally for support , education , NN , and access to alternatives .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
also , two NNS that do the same thing , which at 5 edits per minute can be done in no more that twenty minutes , are n't necessary .	3	26	VBP	are	is	23
NN is still in its JJ phase , which means that productive roles such as educator , researcher and maintenance receive more emphasis and this is where NNS would mostly focus their activity .	12	20	VBP	receive	receives	8
NNS of this size in california are in no way notable .	0	6	VBP	are	is	6
in the boston accent of the car talk guys , the first vowel in both words is also the same , but it is a different vowel from the received pronunciation vowel .	12	16	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP awards , NNP all NN , defence force are also awards .	1	9	VBP	are	is	8
the appeal of the show is JJ .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the JJS parts of the JJ ring system are the a and b rings , which are separated by the NNP division ( discovered in CD by giovanni NNP NNP ) .	2	8	VBP	are	is	6
amazon writes the product description ; a search for some of that text returns hits from many other NNS .	7	13	VBZ	returns	return	6
the only problem with your update is that it once again made the image to small to read for ie users .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
one other notable building , the NNP tower , dates back to the 12th century , a small keep on the route de jerusalem .	3	9	VBZ	dates	date	6
and just so you know , these kinds of false accusations have legal consequences .	7	11	VBP	have	has	4
the quality of water in this region is very poor and has a high NN content .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
as each operator in a cell is responsible for a larger number of assembled parts and operations , the time needed to master the sequence and techniques is considerably longer .	19	27	VBZ	is	are	8
other sources such as arthur NNP suggest that the architect was earl de grey , confirmed by charles read .	1	6	VBP	suggest	suggests	5
all the works had closed by 1880 , but several associated NNS , NNS and NNS still remain visible .	11	17	VBP	remain	remains	6
his initial scenes VBP him taking his new position at the hospital where an established doctor , kelly watson ( NNP NNP ) , takes a NN to him because he is considered more experienced , despite them being equally qualified .	15	24	VBZ	takes	take	9
an image of the museum 's foot binding shoes , taken by NNP pass NN daniel NNP , is now a featured picture .	1	18	VBZ	is	are	17
this type of player usually exhibits excellent NN , trying to use the NN to cover the entire table .	1	5	VBZ	exhibits	exhibit	4
foundation for economic education is one of the oldest JJ organizations in the united states .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
a major feature of the village is all saints ' church ( church of england ) [ 1 ] which is one of the oldest standing structures in the village ( perhaps the oldest ) .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
also worth pointing out that other highly regarded albums such as george harrison , cloud nine and NNP receive no discussion at all regarding critical response ; thirty three gets a brief line on this issue , no more .	8	18	VBP	receive	receives	10
the song `` NNP '' is a blues influenced number and was described by VBG as `` the first bit of poetry i 've ever written '' .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
a water taxi ride from NNP principal is another option for VBG NNP .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
in many cases , later roads for motor vehicles follow paths used by NN NNS early road construction was both JJ and helped by rail transport during the first half century of european settlement .	5	9	VBP	follow	follows	4
the shield of the coat of arms shows a NN and a helmet with a baron 's NN and two folded wings .	1	7	VBZ	shows	show	6
that might count , but any award from youtube for NNP is equivalent to NNP NNP weekly 's special award for helping NNP VBG weekly to promote JJ NN in an attempt to increase the circulation of NNP NNP weekly in my book .	6	11	VBZ	is	are	5
the titles for the JJ season are NNP NNP ' the brief NNP life of oscar NNP , adapted and directed by NNP NNP and NNP thomas ' down these mean streets adapted and directed by NNP NNP .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
the data structure of NNP described here is NNP , which is the JJS structure .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the town of silver NNP has a very rich history .	1	5	VBZ	has	have	4
this has become an increasingly significant contemporary issue , as JJ actors such as al NNP , JJ corporations , and JJ organisations play greater international roles , and as governments VBP some traditional functions .	11	23	VBP	play	plays	12
the size of the camp is about .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
VBG official wikipedia policy , guidelines , or examples RB is a very good way to explain an opinion .	3	10	VBZ	is	are	7
the earliest evidence for literature in NNP dates from the NNP dynasty in the ninth century ce ; this evidence , the advent of the word NN ( a type of JJ performance ) , shows that a form of theatre existed on the island at the time .	19	35	VBZ	shows	show	16
a wall with a tower and a connecting door , VBZ the castle courtyard into NNS .	1	10	VBZ	divides	divide	9
the NN formations in the southeastern part of the city are mostly limestone , while those to the north and west consist mostly of NN and NN .	2	10	VBP	are	is	8
popular destination of local tourism is NNP town where NNP river has got especially impressive canyon including locally famous echo cliff - NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
these ingredients , once VBN , have to be VBN and aged for several months .	1	6	VBP	have	has	5
his relation to the video is that he commented on the video .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the bill further NNS that the acts by which it is attempted to VB the bonds are wholly illegal , void , and JJ , and of no effect , because JJ by the constitution of the united states .	6	16	VBP	are	is	10
every book in the NNP papers series contains the word `` me '' in the title , as do many of the chapter titles , which can also be interpreted as photo NNS .	1	7	VBZ	contains	contain	6
in mathematics , `` complete '' is a term that takes on specific meanings in specific situations , and not every situation in which a type of `` completion '' occurs is called a `` completion '' .	25	30	VBZ	occurs	occur	5
the primary centre of catholic worship in gibraltar is the cathedral , but there are also six churches and a shrine .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the main occupation of the people in this region is agriculture .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the only reason i am VBG this to afd is that a speedy was proposed and declined in 2008 , shortly after the article 's creation .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
limited edition of 500 numbered copies , 300 numbered copies ( number JJ ) , comes in a black wooden box with NNP and NN .	1	15	VBZ	comes	come	14
the general effect of the flower cluster is a pure white , but the individual NN is spotted with purple and gold , and some of these spots are arranged in lines along a ridge , so as to lead directly to the honey NNS within .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
note that in this usage , it is a part of the word , and becomes `` NN '' when preceding a NN .	0	7	VBZ	is	are	7
the image of the three NNS is not my image ; deserves credit for it .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the duty of the government is , come what may , to remain in the country , or it could not longer be regarded as the government '' .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the only limit on the number of sources or effects is cpu power , can VB hundreds of sound sources and multiple effects on relatively old hardware .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
the only thing that connects the speaker and the computer is a NNP audio cable connected to the speaker 's `` input '' jack and the computer 's `` front output '' audio jack .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
girl of the night is a film drama starring anne francis , made in 1960 by joseph NNP .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
the only incorporated town in the valley is jackson , sometimes also RB called jackson hole itself .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
if NN a contains sentence `` NN b contains sentence a '' then VB a contains sentence a .	1	8	VBZ	contains	contain	7
the goal of this work is to construct innovative NNS to simulation engines and to be able to VB performance data as buildings begin to VB more NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
however , cultural factors , linguistic NNS and differing NNS make it extremely difficult to turn a string of written text into a simple pro or con NN .	3	10	VBP	make	makes	7
NNS in such structures require special attention .	0	4	VBP	require	requires	4
my understanding of the word is how it is actually supposed to be used in writing .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the JJ structure of an NNP adds structure to its NN and NN groups .	2	6	VBZ	adds	add	4
section CD of the criminal code includes elements beyond the scope of trafficking as defined in us law , including forced military service .	0	6	VBZ	includes	include	6
the goal of this course is to give students some basic knowledge of the brain structures and functions associated with human behavior .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
and your own JJ accusations that editors who object to blatant NN are extreme jewish NNS does little to improve the health of this encyclopedia , NNP .	6	12	VBP	are	is	6
JJ committee the JJ committee of the bar council of india reviews applications by persons against summary NN of their complaints against advocates for professional NN , by the state bar councils .	4	11	VBZ	reviews	review	7
the staff with their extensive experience in legislative NN is one of the office 's greatest assets .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
this user ( NNP ) is a self VBG sockpuppet of NNP as i suspected .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
a racing version of this engine exists and is used on mini NNS like the NNP NNP NNP .	2	6	VBZ	exists	exist	4
if the people with myspace accounts are somehow actually notable then they can be put in the internet celebrity category .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
for example , most people in the united states still have JJ levels of NNP in their bodies even though it was banned in the us in 1972 .	4	10	VBP	have	has	6
as the NNS on romanian wikipedia show , the only `` merit '' of separate articles on the villages is for various editors to VB local NN , giving as much exposure to JJ , unsourced , JJ or simply JJ NNS of JJ importance .	2	6	VBP	show	shows	4
the individual in this family with the compound NN is the most severely affected , suggesting that the NNP NN may cause a less severe NN .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the day we delete an article on a notable historical figure is the day i quit .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
students from all surrounding villages come to study at NNP high school .	0	5	VBP	come	comes	5
some other uses for NNP NN and other NNS in various cultures include NNS , NNS , pen tips , and a rough form of paper .	2	12	VBP	include	includes	10
people from the united states actually seem to not understand a lot of grammar in general .	0	6	VBP	seem	seems	6
the opening notes of the melody ( particularly the first four notes ) appear to be based on robert NNP 's the happy farmer returning from work , op .	2	13	VBP	appear	appears	11
the community , population 2 , 000 , is one of the designated NNS ( NNS ) in the NN NN ( municipality ) of NNP NNP , one of several such NNS in a wide , fertile valley long inhabited by indigenous people .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
contacts with companies that produce fictional or entertainment content for local tv to introduce NNS or show safe road NNS in characters and programs .	0	16	VBP	show	shows	16
the `` vincent the NNP '' comic books made as a NN for this picture briefly appear in the JJ pilot for the get smart television series .	7	16	VBP	appear	appears	9
fatal NN by carlton smith starts off with the NN of NNP NNP and the subsequent trial , and VBD much deeper into NNP 's early life and NN and the JJ NNS that in NN were largely responsible for NNS obtaining a conviction .	1	5	VBZ	starts	start	4
the smallest change that can be measured with the cosmic method is 1 NNP .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
disruption of the NNP NNP NN at the level of NNP prevents the formation of two NNS ( NN and NN ) that are essential for connecting some small proteins to the cell membrane .	0	11	VBZ	prevents	prevent	11
articles on theories in wikipedia need to be referenced to reliable sources , e .	0	5	VBP	need	needs	5
the two day outdoor festival , set at point NNP park in NNP , alabama , hosts a variety of traditional summer activities .	4	16	VBZ	hosts	host	12
the art NNP building of the community centre from the beginning of the 20th century is a work by the architect a .	3	15	VBZ	is	are	12
the cement supports of the old bridge can still be seen if you look RB at the north and south banks , while crossing the canadian river bridge ( RB , the bridge may return to that location if reports of replacing the canadian river bridge are true ) .	39	46	VBP	are	is	7
however there are no other references in the speech to thread , NNS , or NN , and the remaining content of the speech matches the usage of NN , NN , or NN to mean NN .	20	24	VBZ	matches	match	4
the total proven reserves of the NNP gas field are around 2 .	3	9	VBP	are	is	6
the most important region - the southern area - is suitable for red sweet and JJ wines .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
JJ junction , the riverside freeway continues as NNP .	1	6	VBZ	continues	continue	5
some NNS say that the uprising , which was in part a reaction to the october elections for the south korean interim legislative assembly , organized by the united states military government , is a better NN of public opinion than the election itself .	5	33	VBZ	is	are	28
there is increasing NN in the scientific community , and the only reason there is the appearance of consensus is because people who financially benefit from government funding are successful in this and other media in VBG out all VBG information .	12	19	VBZ	is	are	7
unlike the membrane keyboard , where the user VBZ directly onto the top membrane layer , this form of NN keyboard places a set of JJ rubber keys above this .	17	21	VBZ	places	place	4
indeed , the art and architecture of ancient rome and greece is very well regarded and remains at the heart of much of our art today .	3	11	VBZ	is	are	8
the action at fort NNP is a reference to the first season finale `` the NNP NNP '' , which is when the alien NN was first seen ; the term `` NNP control '' is also a reference to this episode .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the led is on when the voltage across the load VBZ 1 .	6	10	VBZ	exceeds	exceed	4
other instruments sometimes utilized in rock include NN , NN , violin , flute , french horn , NN , NN , and NNS .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
the NN algebra on a finite set is the JJ dual of the universal VBG algebra of the free lie algebra on the set .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the final pitch to the summit also involves a short section of near vertical NN which for NNS should definitely be protected by rope .	2	7	VBZ	involves	involve	5
although they never VBD their former glory , the band 's core of jonathan NNP and dave davies continues until today .	11	18	VBZ	continues	continue	7
if a file of the same name exists on both wikipedia and commons , the wikipedia file will be displayed .	2	7	VBZ	exists	exist	5
personally , i think administrators and established users should be held to higher standards since they should know the rules , while the introduction of such a NN seems to suggest that they are not even held to the same standard .	23	28	VBZ	seems	seem	5
a JJ letter , on the confusion of NNS at NNP , is in the gentleman 's magazine , august CD .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
names of aboriginal groups are as reported in the contemporary press .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
computer room , with JJ and JJ internet access is available .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
this means that the image of the NNP group in the representations is JJ .	4	12	VBZ	is	are	8
another sign that NNP is falling into NN is their art .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
uniform at sacred heart is compulsory .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
notable practitioners of this form are james NNP NNP and the late lawrence NNP who began a revival in england .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the current bad plan , although technically simple , involves circa 60 , 000 changes ( but fewer edits ) .	3	9	VBZ	involves	involve	6
the decisions of the NNPS often affect the rest of the campaign season .	1	6	VBP	affect	affects	5
while the NN standards adopted by iso and NNP seek to provide formal JJ mechanisms that can be implemented directly , the JJ architecture is focused on concepts and NNS that can be more broadly applied to allow practitioners to better implement JJ solutions .	3	9	VBP	seek	seeks	6
many details in these books are historically based , but large portions of the stories depend upon ideas from NNP 's sketch books being developed into functional machines .	11	15	VBP	depend	depends	4
a vanity page , when NN , is no longer a vanity page .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
JJ research revealed , that these species , as well as species of NNP and NNP , are more closely related to NNP , and do not really belong to NNP .	6	17	VBP	are	is	11
the mission statement of the war college is `` to VB and VB warriors to win the world for jesus .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
repeatedly VBG it and arguing about it brings NNS out of the NN -- they love such debates , where they can get lots of feedback to their NN ( remember that the primary motivation of the NN is to be fed ) .	34	38	VBZ	is	are	4
current ref 18 ( global heritage fund ) has the publisher run into the title link .	1	8	VBZ	has	have	7
the section of alma hill road that runs near the summit is , at approximately , the highest free paved public road in the state outside of the NNP .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
the JJ doctor 's office seen in the film is actually a dry NNS which was renamed `` clothes doctor '' following its appearance in the film .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
the length of the shell is 17 mm .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the irish crosses of the 10th century are similar with their VBG patterns and JJ panels of figures .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
this NN , taken from the vice commodore CD NN , VBZ the NNP NNP application published by run magazine in february 1986 .	1	11	VBZ	illustrates	illustrate	10
craig smith wrote for rated reads stating , `` the mystery aspect does not VB , although the resolution of the VBG political NN is somewhat weak .	18	24	VBZ	is	are	6
JJ and other users have been working hard to create many , many articles on individual stars that they feel are notable enough to warrant individual articles .	13	20	VBP	are	is	7
digital cameras with optical NNS are readily available .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
her past work in health NN includes studies of JJ behavior and sexual decision making as it VBZ to hiv in youth and NNS .	2	6	VBZ	includes	include	4
the mountain , which lies west of NNP , arkansas , is part of the NNP mountains and lies in the NNP national forest .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
members of the borough council are council president david alexander ( 2013 ) , george NNP ( CD ) , edward NNP ( 2013 ) , jennifer NNP ( CD ) , james perry ( CD ) and larry NNP ( 2014 ) .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
after his marriage , his wife ( NNP ) sends his brothers out when he goes to chennai .	5	9	VBZ	sends	send	4
the habitat of this species is forest borders and other open woodland .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the story of the `` NNP NNP '' makes NNP the son of NNP , and the properties a guilt offering for the murder of NNP .	1	8	VBZ	makes	make	7
as NNS have noted , the struggle between the NNP and the NNS has remarkable similarities to homer 's account of the NNP warring with NNS .	6	13	VBZ	has	have	7
reference to matt NNP is nothing more than JJ opinion and reads as though it were written by someone with a personal and rather petty NN to VB .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
the australian standard geographical classification region of victoria 's NNP covers rural city of NNP , rural city of swan hill , the shire of NNP and the shire of NNP .	5	10	VBZ	covers	cover	5
articles i have edited remain on my NN which i regularly patrol for vandalism .	0	4	VBP	remain	remains	4
NNP vote for keeping , as the article completely fails the gng ( sources only prove that it exists and houses war dead ) .	1	9	VBZ	fails	fail	8
a portion of the film takes place in a village of the NNP people , including an evening festival featuring a NN dance .	1	5	VBZ	takes	take	4
famous people from las NNP de san juan include NNP cf player carlos NNP .	1	8	VBP	include	includes	7
note that although the pipeline VBZ JJ NNS , the limited scope of the NNP comparative analysis means that these will necessarily be incomplete and consequently only NNS are shown on the website .	0	17	VBZ	means	mean	17
its advantage over continuous NN is that one machine can be used multiple times a day , and that continuous administration of JJ drugs is not necessary .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
however , no matter how much we disagree , there is always a level of civility that we all must VB to .	3	10	VBZ	is	are	7
the open pit of NNP close to the commune of NNP ( NNP ) is one of the greatest sources of NN in europe .	2	14	VBZ	is	are	12
a common method for VBG a NN rate is to apply the JJ cash flow method to the project , which is used in net present value models .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
different categories of criticism also need to be distinguished , though .	1	5	VBP	need	needs	4
a prince should command respect through his conduct , because a prince that is highly respected by his people is unlikely to face internal struggles .	11	19	VBZ	is	are	8
types of NNS also differ in the number and pattern of JJ bonds .	0	4	VBP	differ	differs	4
the doctrine of the NNP conception is a teaching of eastern origin but is expressed in the terminology of the western church .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the original form , whatever its other merits , has a simple poetic NN which your amended version does not .	2	9	VBZ	has	have	7
other JJ languages with a significant number of speakers include the NNP NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP languages , as well as the NNP NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP NNS .	2	9	VBP	include	includes	7
the recent dvd release of the first season of the series includes a JJ NN sketch martin had made of his very first JJ design for the pilot episode .	3	11	VBZ	includes	include	8
the buddhist concept of NN differs from others in that there is no eternal `` soul '' , `` spirit '' or `` self '' but only a `` stream of consciousness '' that links life with life .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
thomas 's book on this subject NNP the unlikely death of heinrich NNP - sets out the alleged NN in great detail .	2	14	VBZ	sets	set	12
his strength and sense of justice VBZ him the loyalty of his gang and the local community .	1	6	VBZ	earns	earn	5
the most common cause of NN NN is JJ and inappropriate NN muscle NNS .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
three types of JJ NN are JJ NN , with the arms VBN over the chest ; NN NN , with the arms extended at the sides ; and NN , in which the head and back are VBN RB .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
return to the NNP city is an ep by testament , released in 1993 .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
subsequent mode lines in the JJ region are not affected .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
the 1984 scientific american article on core war nevertheless cites the game darwin , played by victor a .	4	9	VBZ	cites	cite	5
the NN , the boot , the front wings and the door opening NNS are all made of carbon NN .	8	14	VBP	are	is	6
NNP city as the city services , industry , trade and settlement has a population of CD , CD people and the majority of NNP and many people known as the city of NNP .	1	12	VBZ	has	have	11
NNP current NN for ward 1 is charles NNP NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
some NNS , such as NNP NN , also possess a high level of JJ resistance .	1	9	VBP	possess	possesses	8
the local NN , who makes occasional appearances , is NNP NNP .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the northern motorway , part of state highway 1 , passes just inland of NNP and extends through the twin johnston hill tunnels to near NNP .	2	10	VBZ	passes	pass	8
the primary NN transported by the division is cement .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
i think a timeline of sa history is interesting and useful .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the expressions for the present value of such payments are NNS of JJ series .	1	9	VBP	are	is	8
a simple example of a living document is an article in wikipedia , an online encyclopedia that permits anyone to freely edit its articles , in contrast to `` dead '' or `` static '' documents , such as an article in a single edition of the NNP NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
NNS of NNP from third party websites are out of our control .	0	7	VBP	are	is	7
objects such as NNS and NNS appear for the first time .	0	6	VBP	appear	appears	6
the official title of the club is the NNP rugby league football club .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
harry potter NNP fan site , and reviewed and approved by NNP , therefore it is notable , JJ , verifiable , and therefore JJ .	4	15	VBZ	is	are	11
a specific aspect of global information systems is the case ( domain ) of global software development .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
gun NNS and oil pipes are examples of NNS that benefit .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
it is worth to be mentioned that , unlike JJ models , the rat in NN model represents an JJ , JJ JJ NN , rather than a JJ depression .	13	17	VBZ	represents	represent	4
in some species , males from two to four years old have a distinctive NN NN .	4	11	VBP	have	has	7
radical groups , such as the nation of islam and taliban , are listed but mainstream muslim organizations , such as NNP or NNP , are not .	17	25	VBP	are	is	8
two names , four names , and the name buddy have nothing whatsoever to do with this .	1	10	VBP	have	has	9
especially the second half of the film has many NNS and downs , murder mystery , court room scenes , good acting and family drama .	3	7	VBZ	has	have	4
the editions of the NNP , CD , CD , and 1902 ; NNP , CD and 1902 ; ritual , CD ; both NNP , both NNS , the NNP , and NNS are in the british museum .	1	34	VBP	are	is	33
the annual production of premier NNP wine , as a five year average is 4 , CD NNS of white wine and 85 NNS of red wine .	2	13	VBZ	is	are	11
the company , which is part of the JJ NNP group , is the oldest manufacturer of NN in the world .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
it is a JJ NN of the old main city area , and short distances between the new areas and their respective main cities are JJ for the new areas ' development .	14	24	VBP	are	is	10
a section i would like to be reviewed is the media section .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
examples of other medical research areas are JJ NN , JJ NN , and NN and hiv .	0	6	VBP	are	is	6
the protagonist of the series , NNP competes in the hunger games in each of the first two novels and constantly battles between her feelings for both NNP and NNP .	1	7	VBZ	competes	compete	6
the companies NNS and NNS trading operations and venture capital operations are also under the churchill investments group brand , the NN , insurance , and real estate development divisions are managed under a different brand .	2	11	VBP	are	is	9
it follows that a RB elected government of the people is an essential component of socialism ( publicity section , NNP , NNP NN NNP , 1967 ) .	6	10	VBZ	is	are	4
many very human characters , such as NNP , susan NNP NNP , NNP NNP , jeremy NNP , NNP NNP , and NNP have permanently or RB assumed the roles of gods , or at least of JJ NNS .	3	24	VBP	have	has	21
however , the safety records of the soviet and russian NNS and the JJ constraints on the russian government are matters of great concern .	4	19	VBP	are	is	15
the most popular park of the town is NNP NNP NNP NNP ( popularly known as police line park ) which is near to central bus stand .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
boys who score a half century or a hat trick in cricket receive a cricket ball in chapel .	0	12	VBP	receive	receives	12
bush 's response to hurricane NNP is NNP due to a lack of content .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
his younger son , NNP NNP , is a student and baseball player at another high school in lexington , NNP creek high school .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
supporting this hypothesis , certain NNS called `` JJ NNS '' sung by male NNS at high frequency are more effective than others in VBG sexual displays from females .	5	18	VBP	are	is	13
her elder brother `` NNP NNP NNP '' is also among the first person to complete the bachelor of engineering .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
this is obviously concerning , although benefit of the doubt tells me that he VBZ a lot about this encyclopedia .	6	10	VBZ	tells	tell	4
rides on steam trains are popular with tourists visiting the region , and that is why NNP operates mainly during the summer vacation .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
the first evidence of human NN in the five hills area dates back to at least 4 , 000 b .	2	11	VBZ	dates	date	9
NNS must always be designed with economics in mind ; the purpose of these devices is to reduce costs , and so they must be designed in such a way that the cost reduction VBZ the cost of implementing the NN .	11	15	VBZ	is	are	4
whereas NNP just likes life to happen as it does , this lady ( whom he meets at NNP 's NN ) is the exact opposite .	12	16	VBZ	meets	meet	4
other secondary changes such as loss of muscle NNS following acquired muscle NN are likely to compound the NN VBG from the upper motor NN NN .	2	13	VBP	are	is	11
species in this family have a widespread distribution , especially in tropical areas .	0	4	VBP	have	has	4
desert NNS and palm trees are common , while NN NNS , desert areas , mountain ranges and flat NN make up the landscape around the city .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
even if the national team of a country is not fully professional , it is the national team .	4	14	VBZ	is	are	10
NNS and NNS with strong winds are a common feature .	0	6	VBP	are	is	6
for example , residents of NNP de NNP , a municipality in northern portugal , say that after the private company NNP .	3	15	VBP	say	says	12
the article on history of aviation in bangladesh is more in my line and is very interesting , but really needs some JJ citations and good references .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the only exception to this JJ sequence of NN occurs in the layer i of NNS , in which , in contrast to NNS , NN continues throughout the entire period of NN .	2	26	VBZ	continues	continue	24
the rest of the song is different variations of the chorus with a NN solo in the background .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
other VBG inhabitants of the river are NN , NNS , NNP and NNS .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
i guess the main question i am asking then is why gold is in such demand , and the only answer i ever seem to get is because it is valuable .	20	26	VBZ	is	are	6
the state league representative matches , like state of origin , have individual best on ground medals as well .	4	11	VBP	have	has	7
the work room in the sarah doyle has a CD heat press and a matt NN .	2	7	VBZ	has	have	5
the municipality of NNP ( NNP ) contains the NN ( NNS , mainly villages and NNS ) NNP ( NNP ) , NNP ( NNP ) , NNP , and NNP ( NNP ) .	1	7	VBZ	contains	contain	6
other channels that have been produced and distributed by NNP television include cricket plus ( in north america ) , art prime sports in the middle east , football channel in singapore and goal tv 1 and goal tv 2 in asia .	1	11	VBP	include	includes	10
only 20 motorway services in the uk remain in the ownership of the department for transport and let on JJ NNS to private operating companies .	3	7	VBP	remain	remains	4
the minister of NNP st andrew 's church is a NNP at NNP primary school and joint NNP at NNP high school in NNP .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the first variation of the armor appears in `` cold war '' , when he created enhanced thermal NNP for his armor and used them to help him fight NNP .	2	6	VBZ	appears	appear	4
the signs and symptoms of this lung cancer variant seem to VB those of the underlying major cell type .	1	9	VBP	seem	seems	8
many professional institutions and trade publications focus much more on NNP than NNP , although most sales and marketing personnel operate in the NNP sector .	16	20	VBP	operate	operates	4
this article ( and the others in the category ) gives a valuable cliff notes type overview of some of the important concepts in the book .	1	10	VBZ	gives	give	9
IN the role of admins in speedy deletion is not to judge if the subject of an article is notable .	14	18	VBZ	is	are	4
he is also host and producer of NNP radio , a popular weekly interview show , and serves as a director of the new journalism project , a texas CD ( c ) ( 3 ) nonprofit corporation , that publishes the NNP blog .	5	17	VBZ	serves	serve	12
lost in space and a block of NN game shows .	5	9	VBZ	shows	show	4
the rough idea in both JJ and JJ settings is to view the spaces as the boundary of a third space or region and to find the smallest JJ volume of this third space .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
blp NNS , but that debate , and NN of that which is RB sourced , is fine .	5	16	VBZ	is	are	11
the possibilities for forms of JJ communication are very broad .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
the reserve bank NNS and offers loans with no limit on volumes in order to ensure that the interest rate in the market remains at the official cash rate level .	19	23	VBZ	remains	remain	4
this is not something which should ever be allowed , especially on such a contentious subject where the threat of violence in real life is ever present .	18	24	VBZ	is	are	6
the player with the most life points wins the game .	1	7	VBZ	wins	win	6
on mount french the cliffs at frog NNP are one of the state 's most popular areas for NNS .	4	8	VBP	are	is	4
this is like one of those dead white girl news stories that VBZ up on cnn when dozens of similar stories go JJ .	17	21	VBP	go	goes	4
many books and training NNP are also available , allowing the NN sailor to VB the learning in their own time .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
every year thousands of NNS from bangladesh and india visit the temple on the occasion of NNP .	2	9	VBP	visit	visits	7
runs of odd lengths seem especially rare .	0	4	VBP	seem	seems	4
the key to NNP success is in its approach to its subject matter .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
one walk out of the park leads to the site of the civil war battle of NNP NNP , another to red house museum .	1	6	VBZ	leads	lead	5
the word , NNP , in tamil means `` the act of the author taking refuge in the NNP before writing a book '' .	1	7	VBZ	means	mean	6
possible keep or redirect - billboard 's chart history for NNP NNP suggests the song charted more than once .	1	12	VBZ	suggests	suggest	11
the most basic task in each mission is to maintain the city .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
these cars , as well as the cars built in 1996 and 1999 , are all JJ and can operate independently from the others , unlike the earlier cars .	1	14	VBP	are	is	13
italian border , while walking off the path between the mountain passes NNP and NNP .	1	11	VBZ	passes	pass	10
wikipedia articles , although most of these are JJ in NN .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
the bullets in VBG cast ' section seem acceptable , but rewrite the NNS in other media ' and JJ influences ' sections so they are normal NNS , not bullets .	1	7	VBP	seem	seems	6
lack of real article contributions is a major concern .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
a continuous JJ band of NNP NN containing NNS NNS and NNS on blue backgrounds runs around the building .	3	15	VBZ	runs	run	12
citations in the lead are generally not needed as much as in the rest of the article .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
NNS who have competed at a varsity match in the prestigious full blue sports are eligible for an oxford blue or cambridge blue respectively .	0	14	VBP	are	is	14
secondly , your assumption of linear NN VBZ the important aspect of JJ NN .	3	7	VBZ	ignores	ignore	4
another form of uk stock car racing is NNP stock cars , regulated by the NNP stock car association .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
any disputes about whether an administrator is involved or not are to be referred to the arbitration committee .	1	10	VBP	are	is	9
the CD mix is then VBN with and VB clock where the beginning of each new minute brings the beginning of a new musical work by a different artist .	12	17	VBZ	brings	bring	5
the song , with its JJ lyrics describing a world in which nature has VBN to fight against NN and destruction by humanity , is JJ of NNP 's interest in animal rights issues .	1	24	VBZ	is	are	23
im not sure that a discussion of the images on the book covers could be well sourced .	5	12	VBZ	covers	cover	7
the dominant minerals in the JJ NNS are JJ and NN .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
the nuclear war between nazi germany and the race ends with a german surrender after ernst NNP , the NNP , is killed and replaced by walter NNP .	2	9	VBZ	ends	end	7
NNS , generally , need to be renewed RB , or may be valid for a specific period ( e .	0	4	VBP	need	needs	4
j day in times square has pretty much broken down .	1	5	VBZ	has	have	4
clearly , a `` new version '' of an image exists as a wikipedia concept .	5	10	VBZ	exists	exist	5
no question the NN one is the highest quality .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the water , now VBN , runs back up to the NN .	1	6	VBZ	runs	run	5
the lower part of this zone also has NNS , but the tree line in norway is mostly formed by mountain NN , a subspecies of NN NN ( NN .	2	7	VBZ	has	have	5
the church of our NNP is part of the three rivers regional ministry of the episcopal diocese of vermont .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
however , i recognize that criticism about this company is notable and commented on by a variety of reliable sources -- not just those union organizations .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
however , if the principal moments of the JJ NN NN are not equal , the column will tend to VB around the axis with the smaller principal moment .	5	11	VBP	are	is	6
a NN method with a higher specific NN is more JJ .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
i 'll be on JJ starting tomorrow , so i 'd appreciate it if another administrator would unblock NNP after a day or so unless the discussion in this thread shows that the community is opposed to this .	26	30	VBZ	shows	show	4
the NNP theory on stock price movement is a form of technical analysis that includes some aspects of sector rotation .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
gods for the NN have little impact on the game except as a note on unit NN in some cases ( you paint the NNS , NNP ) .	0	4	VBP	have	has	4
however , their neighbors and some of NNP 's own band members soon find out about nancy 's death and , VBD , they tell the police ; NNP falls to his death when he 's about to be captured .	3	13	VBP	find	finds	10
other sources , less frequently cited , note that while a student , charles NNP also was employed as an architect at the firm of NNP and NNP .	1	7	VBP	note	notes	6
the name of NNP NNP 's NN is ( JJ flower in the english NN ) .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
as a result or organisation and articles on towns in general are better organised than they have been since wikipedia started .	6	11	VBP	are	is	5
the former route of highway 50 begins as an urban JJ NN ; an extension of albion road .	2	6	VBZ	begins	begin	4
six new NN maps , 10 new weapons , and a new NN variation on the `` lone wolf '' game type in which one player takes on everyone else ; the winner of the round then becomes the new `` lone wolf '' .	32	37	VBZ	becomes	become	5
a second advantage of NNP 's oval NN design is that it allows for a more compact instrument .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
for example , for JJ dish NN , the antenna NN is the axis of NN of the JJ dish , and the antenna radiation pattern ( the main NN ) is JJ about the NN axis .	25	31	VBZ	is	are	6
the lowest courts in the isle of man are the summary courts , NNP of NNPS , licensing court , land court , etc .	2	8	VBP	are	is	6
the death of adolf hitler is a british 1973 NN production .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the oil fields in and surrounding henderson continue to provide a large part of the wealth of the area .	2	7	VBP	continue	continues	5
in addition , the territorial commands ( NNP ) are responsible for 'the bulk of their operational NN .	5	9	VBP	are	is	4
NNP NNP ( NNP ) is VBG the end of her last year of high school when her mother , helen NNP ( NNP ) , leaves the family , breaking all ties .	18	26	VBZ	leaves	leave	8
the third column is used in british english , but rarely in american english ( although the use of the second and third columns is not necessarily directly JJ between the two regional variants ) .	17	24	VBZ	is	are	7
this season the teams for national division one remain the same besides one movement , which sees local rivals NNP bay NNP replaced by east NNP NNP where various NN players used to play following the club 's collapse in 2006 .	3	8	VBP	remain	remains	5
after several months have passed , a NN travelling under austrian protection arrives in berlin .	7	12	VBZ	arrives	arrive	5
in either type of competition , the choice of music and the way the routine reflects the music is important .	7	18	VBZ	is	are	11
that part about the offer is certain .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
delete - list of state routes in pennsylvania seems to imply that state routes should be treated as notable and JJ routes probably NNP .	2	8	VBZ	seems	seem	6
in one , appearing in the mad summer special 1983 , on the inside front cover , a cartoon sequence drawn by NNP NNP shows NNP attacking a NN who has taken NNP ; NNP NNS away , seeing JJ NNS including blood , NNS and such .	19	24	VBZ	shows	show	5
the basic plot of `` the elder '' involves the NN and training of a young hero ( the boy ) by the council of NNPS who belong to the order of the rose , a mysterious group dedicated to VBG evil .	2	8	VBZ	involves	involve	6
the medium of instruction in chinese independent high schools is NNP and uses simplified chinese characters in writing .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the JJS winds bring down the temperature below , while the southeast ones ( the so-called NNP ) are stronger , producing coastal NNS and rough seas , as well as strong NNS , but the cold is much less intense .	12	18	VBP	are	is	6
later NNP NNS of the name often include an JJ NN ( letter r ) , perhaps influenced by the root dr , meaning `` NN '' .	2	7	VBP	include	includes	5
the message boxes ( NN ) are the wizard NNP speaking and VBG the player .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the division between the NNP and NNP municipalities follows the course of NNP creek , which is a tributary of the NNP river .	1	8	VBZ	follows	follow	7
tradition in new orleans also holds that by VBG a small statue of st .	0	5	VBZ	holds	hold	5
the only wall that does not have a NN is the southern wall , as this wall contains the only window of the room .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the lyrics on this album are poetic and further showcase NNP NNP 's dark sense of humor .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
but because the power of one NN is n't as strong as the other , multiple NNS must be used , creating NNS .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the date of the foundation of the JJ town of NNP is unknown , but the town 's demise on august 1898 is RB documented in the book NNP , by luis NNP NNP .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
the region 2 uk version ( 79 NNS ) is shorter than the region 1 us version ( 93 NNS ) and is the preferred version of the director .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
the road distance from NNP to NNP is via NNP and NNP ( NNP ) .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
after some time NNP returns to NNP and VBZ her .	2	8	VBZ	marries	marry	6
some values for the NN of building materials are in the table below .	1	8	VBP	are	is	7
this is probably because related JJ forms , such as the plural NNS , have the voiced form , since here the NN is not terminal .	6	14	VBP	have	has	8
its , JJ trees , both NNP and NNP VBP to VB nodes within the main NN NNP .	3	9	VBP	attach	attaches	6
for the record ( not that it has any relevance ) , the author of the wiki article is not a friend , NN or NN of the creator of the theory .	13	18	VBZ	is	are	5
my concern ( and purpose here ) is to hopefully start the community towards a path in which we can have balanced and neutral articles without making wikipedia such an JJ place that the reasonable editors simply walk away .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the seat of the NNP empire , this NN is a JJ JJ temple that is one of the greatest ancient monuments in the NNP today .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
in this sense , the theoretical positions and the vital experiences of french NN are deeply JJ and JJ , even within JJ circles .	6	14	VBP	are	is	8
tribal groups in the northeastern states of india like NNP pradesh , NNP , NNP and NNP , and also in the districts of bangladesh like NNP and NNP refer to VB and burn agriculture as `` NNP '' or `` NNP cultivation '' .	1	29	VBP	refer	refers	28
the idea behind using JJ NNS to VB biological control is that natural enemies will be more effective in their NN of the NN , since the NN will be VBG in an JJ way because its JJ mechanism has been activated .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
and i was under the impression that discussion of policy issues is not only permitted , but encouraged .	7	11	VBZ	is	are	4
this most common modern form of NN now uses a JJ NN inside a sealed chamber .	4	8	VBZ	uses	use	4
it also VBZ part of the process whereby the JJ social elements that require NN in the first place continue with mere knowledge as their NN .	11	19	VBP	continue	continues	8
NNP 's JJ armor suit , which is designated mark CD , but named rescue by NNP , represents a hybrid of NN technology and portable electromagnetic NN NNS that give the suit flight , speed , strength , and magnetic field NN .	4	18	VBZ	represents	represent	14
quite RB , this sort of JJ behavior is unfair .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
the length of the bridges that VBP the 3 sections of the buildings is 26 metres .	1	13	VBZ	is	are	12
the lowest part of the house is younger , and the upper part was built by NNP NNP NNP in CD , who used NN as building material .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
NN has again reverted my edits , against consensus because he feels that his opinion over rules what is a clear consensus from multiple people here , on my talk page and at NNP that these blank comments pages are csd appropriate .	14	18	VBZ	is	are	4
actually i think the main reason he 's remarkable is because he 's got a RB JJ NN .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
although all cells in a NN are capable of living on their own , NNS carry out most of the NN 's NN , passing VBN materials to the NNS for delivery to other cells .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the NN of a JJ factor by the NNP appears as a possibility .	1	9	VBZ	appears	appear	8
similarly , `` words '' in images need to be defined too .	3	7	VBP	need	needs	4
he makes a brief voice cameo in `` the one where no one 's ready '' , and later they briefly attempt to VB their romance as `` friends '' before accepting that the reasons they broke up remain valid .	34	38	VBP	remain	remains	4
the official publication of the organization is its awards winning journal the confederate NNP which is published quarterly .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
business and industry , the military , and other groups that need to recruit individuals with particular skills use these data extensively .	9	18	VBP	use	uses	9
please stand by '' , hosted by NNP john NNP , features local and world famous country , folk , and blues acts .	1	11	VBZ	features	feature	10
i will say that the idea of putting the hypothesis first and the experiment later is often a lie .	5	15	VBZ	is	are	10
NNS and styles always change with every new season .	0	4	VBP	change	changes	4
my understanding or JJ NN is that they work if you are happy to have everyone who knows you ( including an audience ) stop VBG you because you think you will be such a hit with NNS in the future .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the quality of NN leaf from NNP is famous for its quality in tamil nadu .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the population of the town is 2 , CD as of 2011 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP is a very well known man in the territories and is a friend to the indians .	6	11	VBZ	is	are	5
the real fix for this one is to VB NNP to strip VBG spaces from lines on save .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
once a traditional concert hall which hosted acts such as duke NNP , louis armstrong , and the 60 's act the NNP , NNP dance hall is now a teen dance club with saturday night dances held from memorial day to just after labor day .	4	27	VBZ	is	are	23
its political action committee , global solutions NNP , which is not affiliated with any political party , supports candidates and public officials who are RB responsible .	3	18	VBZ	supports	support	15
randolph and clay counties , together with the northern part of NNP and chambers , form the principal portion .	3	15	VBP	form	forms	12
this art , associated with islam , has most often employed the arabic script , throughout many languages including arabic .	1	7	VBZ	has	have	6
in NN to natural language , where a noun phrase and a whole sentence refers to an object and a fact , respectively , in mathematical logic , a term and a formula VBZ a mathematical object and a mathematical fact , respectively .	9	33	VBZ	denotes	denote	24
often NNS or judges will VB themselves JJ NN ( on their own motion ) , VBG that facts leading to their NN are present .	18	23	VBP	are	is	5
as jones was looking to make a comeback in 1983 its likely that as a former world champion driver with 12 grand prix wins to his credit , ferrari would have retained the australian for the 1983 season had he signed in 1982 ) .	18	23	VBZ	wins	win	5
important poets who wrote in this genre include NNP NNP and NNP NNP , both of the tang dynasty .	1	7	VBP	include	includes	6
the last track , `` house '' , features a dance ( NN ) influence and had the working title `` the massive attack song '' .	2	8	VBZ	features	feature	6
the nature of this activity presents various risks , including both physical danger and the possibility of arrest and punishment .	1	5	VBZ	presents	present	4
even moments of great NNS appear to be theatrical .	1	5	VBP	appear	appears	4
the class ' extensive JJ rules VBP to ensure that the NNS , NNS and NNS of the racing NNS are near equal as possible .	11	20	VBP	are	is	9
this is because its position on elevated ground provides clear views of the NNP valley from a strong JJ location .	4	8	VBZ	provides	provide	4
larger municipalities in the vicinity are NNP , NNP and NNP .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
so when women or ethnic minorities succeed on merit alone this is not recognized and their success is attributed to reverse discrimination .	2	6	VBP	succeed	succeeds	4
gallery CD CD on la NNP boulevard is NNP 's exhibition arm for contemporary art .	0	7	VBZ	is	are	7
the breeding population of the lesser snow NNP VBZ 5 million birds , an increase of more than 300 percent since the NNS .	2	8	VBZ	exceeds	exceed	6
but the results derived from the classroom observations and participant NNS provide enough background for a further study .	2	11	VBP	provide	provides	9
the main use of a spring house is for the long-term storage of food that would otherwise VB , such as meat , fruit or dairy products .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the chapel on the left contains the pit where pope NNP i , later VBN as a saint , was VBN .	1	5	VBZ	contains	contain	4
my autobiography , the black sheep dog , is almost ready for publication .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
support comments , i fully agree with NN on all points .	1	5	VBP	agree	agrees	4
the reason given for deletion is not a good one .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
modification of JJ mechanisms of central signal NN is another hypothesis .	0	8	VBZ	is	are	8
NN in the NN is any form of bias or discrimination that takes place in a work environment and is established , promoted , or allowed to VB by the NN authority .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
each NNP product has distinctive coloured packaging - NNP is pink , NNP is yellow and NNP is purple .	2	13	VBZ	is	are	11
stage 5 of the NNP is the first stage of the 3rd series of the NNP ( or middle NNP ) .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
people living in the rural areas and JJ area are more vulnerable to NN since they are largely JJ and may not understand the effects of the NN .	0	9	VBP	are	is	9
many universities and non-profit organization succeed in a goal of public good , though few if any provide a democratic process of NN .	1	17	VBP	provide	provides	16
a character named elizabeth NNP also appears in NNP 's 2005 novel slow man .	1	6	VBZ	appears	appear	5
the fictional planets in every other popular series have articles .	2	8	VBP	have	has	6
the upper NN in both NNS has an obscure narrow curved white JJ band , the lower spots VBG it are well separated .	2	6	VBZ	has	have	4
the wild ancestors of this fish are native to the rice NNS of thailand , NNP , cambodia and vietnam and are called JJ ( lit .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the principal of west side school VBZ the best students from all four schools in hopes to train them into powerful warriors so they can fight against the enemy and restore peace to the world .	1	6	VBZ	gathers	gather	5
the artwork in the deck is original .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
we could VB it by pointing out how JJ the combination of JJ NN and RB harsh NN is .	10	18	VBZ	is	are	8
the aim of traffic flow analysis is to create and implement a model which would enable vehicles to reach their destination in the JJS possible time using the maximum NN capacity .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
similarly , the theory of JJ modules also requires special NNS when VBG NNS from the theory of JJ modules .	3	8	VBZ	requires	require	5
the evidence of disputed NN is only a selection of his poor edits ; only one edit of george w .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the profile of NNP 's NNP appears in the vermont coat of arms on the vermont flag .	1	6	VBZ	appears	appear	5
the first documented use of the term in drum and bass is within a song featuring jungle producer and NN rebel NNP - `` rebel got this JJ NN the NNS '' .	3	11	VBZ	is	are	8
because i understand the importance of wikipedia , i had been editing on NNS , but the demands on my time are such that they are now even VBG my sunday time .	17	21	VBP	are	is	4
what is usually agreed upon is that the air in the tube experiences mostly `` solid body rotation '' , which means the rotation rate ( JJ velocity ) of the inner gas is the same as that of the outer gas .	24	33	VBZ	is	are	9
continually removing content without NN or discussion is usually disruptive , especially if there is no legitimate reason to remove the content .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the encounter with the manager NNP NNP changes the stream of NNP NNP 's career .	1	7	VBZ	changes	change	6
the support for this article , as NNP says , comes from the doctor himself as well as numerous NNS with few edits outside this article .	1	10	VBZ	comes	come	9
through the safe harbor agreement , the recipient in the united states VBZ by statements to the relevant u .	7	12	VBZ	commits	commit	5
the song , featured on NNP 's show `` NNP in the morning , '' is currently available on itunes .	1	15	VBZ	is	are	14
yeah , and also the main reason that israel is threatening to attack iran is because iran was threatening israel first ( such as by VBG terrorist attacks on israeli civilians and as NNP said , to set the destruction of israel as its goal ) .	6	14	VBZ	is	are	8
the NNP parameters of the transmitted signal are exactly the same as those for system b which is used on the 7 .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
the NN content of wood below the JJ NN point is a function of both relative NN and temperature of surrounding air .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
most recently the park and its grounds has RB a major NN , to restore it to its former glory .	3	7	VBZ	has	have	4
for aircraft , this type of trainer often has a complex terrain database , a JJ NN visual system and a high computer capacity , so that weapons work can be VBN , recorded , and NN .	4	8	VBZ	has	have	4
but the recorded ( probable ) fact that these newspapers were printing a false story , which was later the attention of other newspapers is not .	6	24	VBZ	is	are	18
local stopping services by northern rail connect york to NNP , NNP , hull , leeds , sheffield and many intermediate points , as well as many other stations across greater manchester and lancashire .	2	6	VBP	connect	connects	4
construction on the mansion at NNP park begins .	0	7	VBZ	begins	begin	7
the main purpose of the dam is to serve for irrigation and its NN potential has been ranked high ( 3 ) .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the three NN sources in the article are all i can easily find .	3	7	VBP	are	is	4
laboratory experiments using NN models suggest that the NNS from m .	1	5	VBP	suggest	suggests	4
other concepts introduced in this book include the seven levels of motivation , the seven levels of identity , the seven levels of happiness , and the six modes of NNP .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
but the common feature of all the reports is the same .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
this sculpture , ordered by the museum during the NNS , is probably the first life restoration of a NN showing accurate skin .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
his widow , NNP white , still lives in NNP along with two of his sons and their families .	1	7	VBZ	lives	live	6
NN 's most recent version ( NNP ) uses NNP version 17 .	4	8	VBZ	uses	use	4
the poetry center 's new building , designed by line and space , llc , makes the center 's entire collection of contemporary poetry fully accessible for the first time in decades .	5	15	VBZ	makes	make	10
the heating rate of JJ tissue is much slower than of muscle tissue .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP 's definition of poetry it becomes apparent that it is not a JJ NN of emotions , but a well thought out idea .	2	6	VBZ	becomes	become	4
a difficult year for the NNP in california opens with the city of san francisco train VBD for three days in heavy snow on NNP pass ; in july an earthquake hits NNP pass , closing the line over NNP loop from 21 july to 15 august .	2	8	VBZ	opens	open	6
a NN of NNP screens is their slow NN rate , especially at low temperatures .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
usually , the best location for this template is in an infobox about the company , such as , at the top of the article , if one exists .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
another factor in NN removal is the fact that VBZ can sometimes comprise two separate VBG agents , which require separate forms of removal .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
if the number of examples in an article becomes too long , consider VBG them , or creating a separate list at the bottom of the article .	2	8	VBZ	becomes	become	6
a request for deletion by the subject of a biographical article is not JJ but where , as here , there is no clear consensus to keep , it may be taken into account .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
the president of the organization since its founding is richard NNP .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the end of the shaft usually has a square hole made to fit certain JJ NN bits or a simple JJ bit made to cut while rotating in both directions .	1	6	VBZ	has	have	5
schools in NNP mann include NNP elementary and the martin luther king , jr .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
now , a european branch at long NNP in NNP in the uk sells a range of NNS .	4	13	VBZ	sells	sell	9
the solution to this problem is for NNP to VB his interests , not to stop editing .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the solution to NNP ' problem of RB VBN NNS for values of p greater than four is also of interest .	1	17	VBZ	is	are	16
the central theme of eden 's developing artistic NNS places the novel in the tradition of the NNP , in which is VBN the formation and development of an artist .	2	9	VBZ	places	place	7
the most important festival , the NNS of saint john ( NNP de NNP joan ) , takes place during the summer NN .	3	17	VBZ	takes	take	14
the 4th level of each system has a boss robot instead of the reactor .	2	6	VBZ	has	have	4
major NNS of the nash fork include gold run creek and silver run creek both of which enter from the south .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
nonetheless , today the tertiary sector of the economy ( the service sector ) is the largest , with CD , 000 workers out of a regional total of 1 , CD , 000 ( as of 2002 ) .	5	14	VBZ	is	are	9
a still larger field in the same district is that called NNP , which extends over and has an estimated capacity of 9 , 000 million tons .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
the purpose of these NNS is to provide the NNS with the most complete and relevant information they need to make a proper decision .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the largest newspaper in the third most JJ city in the country is pretty much a national newspaper in the context that most major NNS around the country will carry it .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
major attractions in the area include NNP gate stadium , the home of professional football team bristol city f .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
the song played in the senator 's house is `` NNP '' by massive attack .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the origin of this structure is not yet well understood by NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP 's charge , however , that the pope had any part in the NN with the NNP of NNP is probably false .	2	20	VBZ	is	are	18
the death toll from the earthquake in new zealand rises to CD and there is great concern about 200 more people missing .	2	9	VBZ	rises	rise	7
his brother , drew NNP , plays for the colorado NNPS .	1	6	VBZ	plays	play	5
most of this material would be ok in a shorter main NN article , but the size of the article means splitting is justified .	16	20	VBZ	means	mean	4
the suggestion of the current NNP NN is that the NNP is very old method .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the history of path , originally known as the hudson and manhattan railroad , VBZ the first underground line of the new york city subway ( the NNP ) .	1	14	VBZ	predates	predate	13
the link that they are reverting to is n't exact , because it is difficult to determine exactly which edit is being RB .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the base of the shell is well rounded , RB JJ , and marked like the NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
notable pilots of the CD include top scoring NNP NNS major george NNP and col .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
a memorial stone in the floor , with a latin inscription , marks the spot .	2	12	VBZ	marks	mark	10
affiliate networks that already have several NNS typically also have a large pool of publishers .	1	9	VBP	have	has	8
the advantage of the shoulder NN design is that it makes the NN more comfortable to wear ; a neck NN can slightly VB ease of movement .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
in general , the JJ NNS of NNS lack almost all NN activity , and half of the possible 8 NNS of the NNS ( those with CD NN at the JJ junction ) also lack NN activity .	8	35	VBZ	lack	lacks	27
reviewers like NNP and NNP have 2 out of 5 and declared it a NN , the users NNP , NNP and NNP are VBG the article by VBG incredible reviewers like NNP on the top .	0	5	VBP	have	has	5
on arrival they find that NNP 's father , NNP hyde , is missing , and her mother ( herman 's sister ) NNP hyde is in a NN .	21	25	VBZ	is	are	4
the situation is similar in other parts of the world according to a late 2010 state of the industry survey conducted by NNP , which found that many prestigious universities with executive education programs around the world expect notably higher enrollment during 2011 .	29	37	VBP	expect	expects	8
by convention , months of 30 days and 29 days succeed each other , adding up over two successive months to 59 full days .	3	10	VBP	succeed	succeeds	7
the life of hank williams continues its JJ spiral .	1	5	VBZ	continues	continue	4
some parts of this proposal are just bizarre .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the desired outcome from my perspective is for NNP to work with a mentor in choosing articles to review .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
all NNS which are captured with satellites , NNS or other flying platforms are originally NNP ( like NNP or the NNP NNP ) .	1	13	VBP	are	is	12
in these cases , problems resulting from management NN are of such NN that some type of administrative action may need to be initiated , including the replacement of management , in order to restore safe and sound operations .	4	9	VBP	are	is	5
the protein encoded by this gene is similar to the chicken and mouse NNP genes .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
in the event that the answer to both questions is `` yes '' , for now i 'll VB from VBG the identity of the editor in question .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
although many people have contributed to the source code since the start of the project , the majority of the NNP code base remains authored by NNP NNP , who continues as the head developer of the software .	17	23	VBZ	remains	remain	6
the main branches of NNP NN are NNP , NNP and NNP .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
he stated , `` the fact of mental set is primary in all conscious activity .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
of his story , noted JJ ken burns said , `` the story of joseph medicine crow is something i 've wanted to tell for 20 years .	12	17	VBZ	is	are	5
the biggest success of the club is 12th place in the b NNP during season CD .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
JJ compositions of NNP NNP are far more common than NNP and are greater understood by composers .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the fourth part ( articles JJ ) comprises special , final and JJ provisions .	2	7	VBZ	comprises	comprise	5
the length of the NNS is JJ mm .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
while international students are welcome , the language of instruction at NNP is spanish .	7	12	VBZ	is	are	5
throughout the cartoon , the sound effects for the jet cage 's engines are more appropriate to a JJ aircraft , and so is the terminology NNP uses when he reads RB from the pilot 's manual .	6	13	VBP	are	is	7
toronto 's director of NN services VBZ the charge of JJ saying that NNP house and the city `` work closely with toronto police services to address the issue of drug NNS who may prey on the men that use the NNP house program .	2	6	VBZ	rejects	reject	4
the topics that deal with taiwan are frequently subjects of disagreement due to the various NNP .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
NNP has also stated that his main concern as a performer , who is also a legitimate composer , is to present his own original music parallel to the traditions of the generations before him .	7	19	VBZ	is	are	12
the JJ meaning of the words `` NNP '' and `` NNP '' in english is `` church NN '' .	2	15	VBZ	is	are	13
the only source it cites ( and apparently stems from ) is a character 's NN in the NNP ( film ) .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
an alternative NN , the conservative JJ movement is open to people of all parties or none .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
a room within a room ( NNP ) is one method of VBG sound and preventing it from VBG to the outside world where it may be JJ .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the argument in the nomination that NN with a category VBZ deletion is RB VBN .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
the goal of this wikiproject is to improve the quality and quantity of information about computing technology available on wikipedia .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
both sets of NN stands offer NNS stands and NNS , but away stands have only two ticket windows , while the home stands operate a total of four .	1	5	VBP	offer	offers	4
islam page , though his actions on other pages deserve to be noted as well .	5	9	VBP	deserve	deserves	4
the benefit of this NN comes from the fact that in the regulatory accounts there is no value VBN to future profits - which means the liability to VB the NN is made from a series of payments which are deemed to be zero .	1	5	VBZ	comes	come	4
a short message service center ( NNP ) is a network element in the mobile telephone network .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
pressure control ( pc ) is a mode of mechanical NN alone and a variable within other modes of mechanical NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
however , NNP , reading the article it is with surprise that i find that a lot of the text and the information on sources comes from information i had given you before .	16	25	VBZ	comes	come	9
this revert of NNP 's is an identical change to NNP 's previous edit but makes one small NN for one of the issues raised , the rest are still JJ .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
according to the 2000 census , population of the district is 52 , CD of which 24 , CD live in the town of NNP .	6	10	VBZ	is	are	4
the elephant conservation strategy of the department of wildlife conservation aims at VBG as many viable populations as possible in as wide a range of suitable habitats as is JJ .	3	10	VBZ	aims	aim	7
NNS and NNS containing JJ bonds are highly prone to NN .	0	6	VBP	are	is	6
the place for these articles is on NNP , not wikipedia .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the main NNS of an NNP are the technological challenges and huge expense of building , VBG and maintaining a nuclear power plant .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
ibm is constantly trying to improve their JJ documentation , but they are not real good at this , so RB any skills you VBP learning the old way of VBG are not much help to you the new way .	22	31	VBP	are	is	9
VBG concluded that a `` systematic analysis of gandhi 's strategic thinking in the context of JJ NNS of nationalism and social change movements has still to be written .	6	24	VBZ	has	have	18
the club has an executive NN , six function or private dining rooms , two world class restaurants and a bar of international standards , all of which are perfect for either business or NN .	12	28	VBP	are	is	16
the reasons for the NNS are wide and varied , but probably the most frequent use of the motion in NN in a criminal trial is to shield the jury from information concerning the defendant that could possibly be RB JJ to him if heard at trial .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
many western areas of the city are without utility infrastructure over 25 years later .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
representatives of the `` NN '' strain of australian comedy include NNP rude and NNP NNP .	0	10	VBP	include	includes	10
the combination of culture and art teaching is the biggest feature of the school .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
some prior discussion with the JJ user is present here .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
google searches for random blocks of text indicate no copyright violation of online sources .	1	7	VBP	indicate	indicates	6
the actual site for the school is an island .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
merge - the only source of any type of notability and reliability is the JJ one ( about .	4	12	VBZ	is	are	8
a shepherd , by the very nature of his job has to come in contact usually with people who are at the very low NN of society , whose life is sunk in NNS and bad NNS .	1	10	VBZ	has	have	9
NNP railway station ( , , ) is a railway station serving the village of NNP , in the commune of NNP , in northern luxembourg .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the lyrics of NNP NNP ( NNP NNP , `` black gold '' ) are a female answer to the classic song NNP NNP written by NNP NNP .	1	14	VBP	are	is	13
type of lift where the NN raises his arms above his NNS .	0	6	VBZ	raises	raise	6
the second paragraph of the lead VBZ the year that the academy opened , so remove this ; if you want to keep the information about the first class year , move that to the first paragraph ( although it 's not vital information ) .	2	6	VBZ	repeats	repeat	4
at a young stage the color of the fruit is green , JJ , or a purple and white color with dark stripes .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
JJ rock such as NN , clay , limestone , and sandstone forms the greatest share of the far north 's geology .	1	12	VBZ	forms	form	11
the relationship between the enlisted men and the officers on board the NNP receives special treatment .	1	13	VBZ	receives	receive	12
the number of NNP 's arms varies ; his JJ forms have between two and sixteen arms .	1	6	VBZ	varies	vary	5
however , i think the level of editing on the passport is RB .	5	11	VBZ	is	are	6
the lyrics by NNP NNP are a NN of the JJ experience of a band , most obviously NNP NNP NN itself , playing in front of an audience .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
it seems to me that a statement that the film presents arguments against birth control and abortion , but primarily against abortion , is so obvious that it does not need a reference .	6	23	VBZ	is	are	17
the moving NN and conductor problem is a famous thought experiment , originating in the 19th century , concerning the intersection of classical NN and special NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the problem with your adam walsh NN is that this corporate advertising event is not causing the creation , production and distribution of the NN ( again we are VBG what the event is about ) .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the NNP collection of books NNS for children who suffer from NN , and there is a large and extensive gay and lesbian collection , the largest range in london .	2	15	VBZ	is	are	13
later , two men and two women enter the ruins , where they must fight for survival and who ever wins will keep the money in their bank account and remain in the competition .	3	7	VBP	enter	enters	4
the NNP rank for this website is 50 , 000 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the only transmission line of NN that still exists is the NNP transmission line , which allows the NN of NNS in china , taiwan , korea and vietnam .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
the next section , `` NN b '' returns to the various animal pairs and , in a mixture of old and new testament figures , begins to rely on local animals or animals that VBP off of aspects of the figure 's life .	2	8	VBZ	returns	return	6
the most important case , and the one that will be discussed in this page , is that the graph g is a part of a NN in NNP space .	3	16	VBZ	is	are	13
other significant parts of their economy are based on production of the NN NNS and cattle farming on brighton and big NNP NNS , and forestry .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
although the sex of the skeleton is uncertain , it may have been an JJ NNP ( NNP ) prince or princess .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the NNS of this plan are what is on the chip f was after , certain elements of the plan have just now come together and thus NNP and NNP seem to have elected to work together to make it happen , but with RB different intentions .	16	20	VBP	have	has	4
the raw NN NN , which is soft and NN is very JJ and when NNS can cause NN and NN .	3	10	VBZ	is	are	7
no ref in the article actually mentions him .	1	6	VBZ	mentions	mention	5
the main work of the congregation is the care of the sick and elderly , social welfare services and similar other activities .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
views from the summit include the barn door hills and NNP mountain .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
someone who was only JJ because of the circumstances of their death , a subject that clearly has no room to VB past its already limited notability , is not worthy of treatment in wikipedia .	14	28	VBZ	is	are	14
NNP ) , it is often the case in biology that very visible NNS to an organ are less important than small and JJ regulatory changes .	13	17	VBP	are	is	4
aside from having been the first muslim country to have operas , theater plays , and a democratic republic , azerbaijan today is among the muslim countries where support for NN is the highest , and where radical NNS have met only very limited interest .	18	22	VBZ	is	are	4
it was announced through her website that the name of her new single is `` cry wolf '' ( produced by mike mac ) , due to release in september , 2012 .	8	13	VBZ	is	are	5
attack of the NNP shark ( aka NNP shark ) is an 2012 canadian independent action horror film project directed by brett kelly .	0	10	VBZ	is	are	10
personally , i think that your attempt to VB behind blp is a move to VB off 3rr issues .	6	11	VBZ	is	are	5
the foundation of the vietnamese german university is a part of vietnamese reform programs concerning the education sector ( higher education reform agenda , NNP ) .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
industrial estates , and industrial NN are CD industrial estates and industrial development areas in the state , covering an area of CD NNS .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
the difference in the concentration of dust in earth 's atmosphere and that of mars stems from a key factor .	1	15	VBZ	stems	stem	14
another game mode included in NNP is the JJ `` tackle alley '' .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
a ground breaking release in its time , street corner queen is notable for being probably the best known christian metal album to come from finland , and one of the most diverse albums in the whole christian metal history .	3	11	VBZ	is	are	8
and , of course , the fact that it is a later addition to john in no way necessarily implies that it is more or less true than john .	6	19	VBZ	implies	imply	13
a nice mix of article , wikipedia space , and talk page edits ; their user talk page edits consist of JJ prose , not templates , which is good .	2	18	VBZ	edits	edit	16
artists like paul NNP , NNP , pink floyd , NNP , the rolling stones , madonna , NNP , and NNP are just a few of the names that have played there .	0	22	VBP	are	is	22
the international NNS of NNP wildlife foundation are brad NNP and NNP NNP .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
the highest point total was west virginia 's 49 against NNP miss in 2000 ; NNP miss scored 38 in that game and the 87 point total in that game is a high for the music city bowl .	26	30	VBZ	is	are	4
his stint as doctor light is JJ with that of a NN using the same name and nearly identical costume , NNP NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
some specific psychological themes explored in the novel are NN , eating disorders and NNS .	3	8	VBP	are	is	5
i am not going to oppose , because his great work in other areas shows me that he could handle the buttons well enough .	10	14	VBZ	shows	show	4
possible solutions for a large scale problem like this include NN VBG .	1	9	VBP	include	includes	8
the most important scheme of VBG chess NNS for serious players is by NNP code , a series of 500 opening codes assigned by the NNP of chess NNP .	3	11	VBZ	is	are	8
the half mile stretch of route in the city centre between the NNP and oxford road station has a JJ average of nearly a bus every 30 seconds in each direction .	3	17	VBZ	has	have	14
the functions of the NNP are to get in and VB the property , to VB the NNS and NNS and to VB the assets .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
their character varies RB and not all of these dances are suitable for execution using standard competitive technique and NN .	2	10	VBP	are	is	8
the main difference , imo , between the images is simply the shadow detail is slightly better in the original compared to edit 2 .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
hard anatomy characters such as teeth and bones preserve well in the fossil record and are the main source of information about how fossil animals are related to their modern counterparts .	2	8	VBP	preserve	preserves	6
the area of the prefecture is approximately 42 , 000 square kilometers in size and home to about CD , 000 ethnic NNPS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
a NN of this second period of spanish rule is a monument VBG the spanish constitution of 1812 , one of the most liberal of its time .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
guest artists on the album include NNP collins ( `` try me on .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
ambassador of hindu muslim unity is the title of two books written on the politics of muhammad ali NNP , the founding father of pakistan .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
however , the work of NNP meyer ( 2005 - in french only ( JJ 100 ) , 2008 ) gives a statistical analysis of the NNS of NNP showing that there are 4 NNS RB distinguished in production and that they are also perceived so .	3	20	VBZ	gives	give	17
successful design of a compound locomotive demands a firm NN of NN and fluid dynamics ; that such has frequently not been the case is why many productions in the past have been far from JJ .	1	6	VBZ	demands	demand	5
the typical pump used in the industry is the JJ NN vacuum pump .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
a monument , NNP tower , now exists to his memory .	1	7	VBZ	exists	exist	6
evidence from the NNP experiment indicates that most of the JJ effects of JJ NNS occur at low levels of NNS .	0	5	VBZ	indicates	indicate	5
the measure of circular angles in degrees or NNS is JJ under rotation .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
there are , however , many references to the fact that the most common dialect of arabic spoken in somalia is the NNP dialect .	14	20	VBZ	is	are	6
mount NNP earthquake ( NN ) is the first earthquake recorded in history .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
surely the most appropriate way to VB a NN is with free content .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
the major economic activities through which traffic and capacity will rise are development of NNP and coal NNS and expansion of outer harbour stage ii and development of container terminal , respectively .	3	11	VBP	are	is	8
NNP images , NNP and NN are some of NNP 's competition .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
a girl living as a boy will dress in characteristic male clothing , have her hair cut short , the purpose of the practice is not NN and many people , such as teachers or family friends , will be aware that the child is actually a girl .	20	24	VBZ	is	are	4
history is VBN in the wiki game ( unless a referee or an opponent demands a NN ) .	10	14	VBZ	demands	demand	4
articles that VBP the stub criteria are 39 ( 32 NNS and 7 clubs ) .	0	6	VBP	are	is	6
the name `` NNP `` has meaning , which can interpreted as `` land near to NNP 's pond '' .	1	5	VBZ	has	have	4
life for the taking is eddie money 's second album .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
one purpose of universal compulsory education is implied in the NNP short NNP prayer which states that the god 's primary reason for creating humanity is so that each of us would come to know and love him .	21	25	VBZ	is	are	4
her `` power theory of the JJ contrast model , '' or power pc theory ( 1997 ) VBZ that people filter observations of events through a basic belief that causes have the power to generate ( or prevent ) their effects , thereby VBG specific JJ relations .	20	31	VBP	have	has	11
the relief of the region consists mostly of rolling hills of JJ over the sea level .	1	5	VBZ	consists	consist	4
today , NN and the production of flower seeds is still an important business in NNP .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
the painting she made there of a `` milk carrier '' is typical of her work .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
the conditions and constraints of this pattern of origin and distribution are not clear .	1	11	VBP	are	is	10
as of 2009 , a new revival of NNP and her friends for the brazilian market has them as now being teenagers and depicted in a manga style .	6	16	VBZ	has	have	10
the administrative center of the NN is NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
commercial brands of these NNS most commonly VBN to treat NNP include NNP and NNP .	1	11	VBP	include	includes	10
these books contain much , but not all , of the same material as their counterparts ; and in most cases , but not all , charts from the new hal leonard books are compatible with the real book charts .	26	33	VBP	are	is	7
her focus within the uk is east sussex and nottingham .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the JJ congregation of the NNP sisters of the NNP of the holy face is a roman catholic order whose focus is providing acts of NNP to jesus christ .	2	14	VBZ	is	are	12
a specific subdivision of this law is JJ JJ , the prohibition of VBG any grain of NN near a NN ; this law applies to jews throughout the world , and one may not VB benefit from the produce .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
in this case , the rules being broken here are the harassment of others .	5	9	VBP	are	is	4
the most common NN in the NN of NN is JJ NN ( NNP ) , which has been classified as NN .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
a member of sons of the american revolution and the NNP society , NNP is only the second republican to hold his seat since reconstruction .	1	14	VBZ	is	are	13
JJ populations in this category today include `` NNPS , NNPS , NNPS , as well as north NNPS , NNPS , NNP , and NNP '' .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
the circle centered at h with radius CD , known as the JJ circle is JJ to each of the johnson circles .	1	14	VBZ	is	are	13
i agree that the word is used everywhere , but the audiences reading it in those books are generally more familiar with its positive NNS than your average NN , i think .	11	17	VBP	are	is	6
the opposite of effective delegation is JJ , where a manager provides too much input , direction , and review of JJ work .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
bank holding companies and their NNS RB compete to provide services to credit unions through their NNP networks , corporate checking accounts , and certificate of deposit programs .	2	7	VBP	compete	competes	5
a NN NN ( or JJ NN ) is a computer NN which employs a printing process that uses heat to transfer NN onto medium materials such as a plastic card , paper , or fabric .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
some NNS for NN NNS actually call for JJ NN in place of the NN , but it would be JJ to call them PRP .	1	6	VBP	call	calls	5
the enormous NN of work this fraud would have needed makes these theories much more JJ than the NN in the literary works pointed out by NNP ( according to the scientific principle of NNP 's NN ) .	2	10	VBZ	makes	make	8
the right way , imo , is to add content to the original ( even if you believe it is JJ ) , then request a NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
references in these instructions to `` the director '' include NNP 's nominated delegates .	0	9	VBP	include	includes	9
many states in the us have such NNS , and the obama administration has proposed a federal mandate to apply to all new health insurance plans in all states from august 1 , 2012 .	1	5	VBP	have	has	4
one thing to consider when getting a term loan is whether the interest rate is fixed or floating .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the first mandatory security standard required by the NNP legislation , NNP CD `` standards for security NNP of federal information and information systems '' provides the definitions of security categories .	4	25	VBZ	provides	provide	21
my primary areas of interest ( at least of JJ interest ) are theology and church history , english literature ( up to about 1900 ) , JJ stories , romance languages , and various bits of american and european history and culture .	2	12	VBP	are	is	10
the festival features over 72 NNS and local music groups , as well as the `` artist 's NN walk '' in which artists of all ages compete to create the best NN drawing while JJ attend the festival .	23	27	VBP	compete	competes	4
the level of detail on , say , information technology infrastructure library , is way , way , way , way too high .	1	13	VBZ	is	are	12
in boys , history and physical exam is adequate to make the diagnosis .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
but the more time tony spends trying to get NNP to open up about what her relationship to his uncle was , the less he VBZ .	3	25	VBZ	cares	care	22
an attorney familiar with the military investigation VBZ the charges will relate to the use of physical violence to extract information from suspected NNS in the NNP area .	1	7	VBZ	expects	expect	6
the book , which spans diverse historical periods , covers questions as varied as the emergence of democracy in ancient athens and the social importance of the decline of the greek NN during the roman empire .	1	9	VBZ	covers	cover	8
its function was and is to `` aid , counsel , assist and protect , RB as is possible , the interests of small business concerns '' .	7	17	VBZ	is	are	10
NNP 's version , played by welsh guitarist NNP NNP is one of the most famous modern versions of the song .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
NNP book , which VBZ all oz books except the first , is best known for its extremely negative reception among oz fans .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
the name of the project is a NN of transit habitat reflecting the original intention to design an JJ vehicle to transfer humans to mars .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
i think the deletion by us users of canadian content is a problematic practice .	3	10	VBZ	is	are	7
this technique , typical of JJ and JJ NN painting , is not otherwise known from JJ workshops .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
the current assembly of the nuclear NN is available online .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
furthermore , the continuous state space of cnn NNS , with slight modifications that have no equivalent in cellular NNP , creates JJ behavior never seen before .	5	21	VBZ	creates	create	16
the one use that we see of them , in `` the spirit stone '' , leaves the user 's hands badly burned .	2	16	VBZ	leaves	leave	14
if this category , and its NN article , that NNP is already all over , goes the way of all flesh , so be it .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
it is true that part of my argument is that the vienna fingers page has more information than many other stubs ( like chips NNP ) .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
the goal of linear JJ analysis is to give a large separation of the class means while also keeping the JJ NN small .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
a lot of the basic structure in life is similar , throughout all life , so a good percentage of these codes are the same in many different species of animals ( and even plants !	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the video for `` november rain '' uses the full version of the song as opposed to an JJ version .	1	7	VBZ	uses	use	6
the only factor that has gone against NNP is the drop in interest in reading amongst its target audience , due either to english , hindi or other media .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
one of the reasons , maybe , is that contents of the resolution need to be updated along the line of the present JJ situation of our municipality ( income and population of the municipality ) .	9	13	VBP	need	needs	4
the first floor of terrace hill is a formal area .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the valley along the illinois river is the location of the NNP national wildlife refuge .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
finally , the original author of the article , , appears to be an VBG organization similar to VB ; if true , this would violate the conflict of interest guideline .	4	10	VBZ	appears	appear	6
the music video of janet jackson 's does n't really matter features an NNP as the singer 's pet .	2	11	VBZ	features	feature	9
speedy create this category , since already exists , and now marks 60 articles .	3	11	VBZ	marks	mark	8
in order to write an encyclopedia article on it , the only way to do that is through synthesis of sources , and the only way to do that properly is with reliable , independent sources .	25	30	VBZ	is	are	5
other stories for the character include NN , JJ stands , heavy drinking and NNS .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
the device of the provisional administrative entity of south NNP is similar to the NN of north NNP , [ 1 ] .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
a JJ feature of NNP 's diary is its arc from the first pages in 1940 to its conclusion in 1945 .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
study of ion channels ( NNS ) often includes NNS , NN and NN , VBG techniques including voltage NN , patch NN , NN , and NNP .	0	8	VBZ	includes	include	8
depending on temperature , the entire life cycle involving development from egg to adult takes from CD to CD hours .	7	14	VBZ	takes	take	7
for undergraduate students , an increasing number of departments VBP NN to ensure that the NNS between potential students and subject places available at each college are as uniform as possible .	15	26	VBP	are	is	11
the day of the dead based on true facts , a gang of suburban kids is JJ homeless people just for fun in the streets of chicago .	1	15	VBZ	is	are	14
a line of NNS ' graves leads to the prospect tower , which can be let via the landmark trust .	1	6	VBZ	leads	lead	5
evidence for the NN of NN as an NN drug from human studies is weak .	0	13	VBZ	is	are	13
elements of georgian revival architecture that were incorporated into the NNP dining room NN include , JJ VBG with NN VBG around the windows and doors , a NN with classical details , and NNS .	0	14	VBP	include	includes	14
almost 100 NNS of various sizes dominate the JJ landscape .	2	6	VBP	dominate	dominates	4
rs , and recognition by keith NNP is substantial recognition .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the result of these advantages is that higher NNS of JJ produce are obtained over an extended period of NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
NNS that reduce NN by indirect JJ effects also include JJR JJ NNS such as NN .	0	9	VBP	include	includes	9
evidence of such programs includes an JJ report of a 2006 NN test , and a photo of a JJ JJ NN on the chinese internet .	0	4	VBZ	includes	include	4
NNP listings of all participants and winners are not helpful .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
the development of the architectural feature known as the choir is the result of the JJ development brought about by the end of NNS under NNP e the great and the rise of NN .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
the best way to fight free NNS is to eat tons of NNP c and NNP e ( particularly a la NNP NNP ) .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the american documentary showcase aspect of the american film program exhibits independent american films depicting american society culture in foreign countries .	4	10	VBZ	exhibits	exhibit	6
remake characters in the series include a don juan de marco and multiple NNP NNP .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
at present ( 2011 ) , the JJ area initially planned by john NNP consists of the NNP center mall - now an office complex - and several public structures including the children 's museum of pittsburgh .	8	14	VBZ	consists	consist	6
his life as an NN influences his son that grew up while NNP served sixteen years in prison in NNP , texas .	1	5	VBZ	influences	influence	4
a small NN frame building in the southwest corner serves as a visitor center .	4	9	VBZ	serves	serve	5
JJ NNP ( and other similar systems ) get regularly tested by running the computer NN against what really happened , and the algorithm used in the NN learns accordingly .	23	28	VBZ	learns	learn	5
the upper NNS of the mountains consist primarily of a very hard NN limestone , and it is very common to find fossils of NNS and snails VBN in them .	2	6	VBP	consist	consists	4
a communication screen in the vehicle allows for JJ communication between the driver and the home office .	2	6	VBZ	allows	allow	4
a gallery extending to the west features historical photographs , VBZ the lake and provides access to VB and JJR facilities .	1	6	VBZ	features	feature	5
not all compounds that are JJ actually exist .	2	7	VBP	exist	exists	5
the first part of the name , `` NNP '' , refers to the name of the region , NNP ( in english ; `` NNP '' in german ) .	2	11	VBZ	refers	refer	9
while the primary reason for NNP address NN is insufficient design capacity of the original internet infrastructure , several additional driving factors have VBN the NNS .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
editors and administrators of the encyclopedia need to work much harder at VBG themselves above this type of prejudice and bias .	0	6	VBP	need	needs	6
fair use in NNP ( 2006 film ) though this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
the elevation of the construction site is above sea level , facing south east , adjacent to NNP mall on NNP hill , in NNP 's central business district .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the style of the building , which is regarded as NNP 's best work , is NNP , featuring also elements of JJ architecture and NNP .	1	15	VBZ	is	are	14
at most times of day passengers VBG to travel beyond princes NNP have to change , but in the early morning , peak hours and late NNS there are through services to .	23	28	VBP	are	is	5
the average NN lifetime considering delayed NNS is approximately 0 .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the NNP page for the band shows regional tour , not national tour .	2	6	VBZ	shows	show	4
the rational rest of the world sees a naked human being .	2	6	VBZ	sees	see	4
in dutch , the name for a NN shop is still JJ , and the same NN NNS in the names of various banks ( unless named after some family ) .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
any time an editor in good faith leaves the discussion upset , i do consider it a variable degree of failure on my part .	3	7	VBZ	leaves	leave	4
main families in this riverside village are NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and some new who came to this calm and growing village in 2009 .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
i think the statements in the notes need references .	3	7	VBP	need	needs	4
in mature JJ regions , interactions with the JJ proteins appear vital for the stability of all JJ regions .	5	10	VBP	appear	appears	5
the trial of former governor of illinois rod NNP on corruption charges begins today in the united states .	1	12	VBZ	begins	begin	11
this understanding of history and elizabeth 's place in it forms the background to the symbolic portraits of the latter half of her reign .	1	10	VBZ	forms	form	9
however , the concept of the article is valid ( it has the potential to be far more than a pov fork ) .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
part of NNP 's lasting legacy is NNP tower , a JJ structure in the center of the NNP campus .	0	6	VBZ	is	are	6
the NN square in the village has two public houses ( one of which is a hotel ) , a couple of restaurants , and a NN .	2	6	VBZ	has	have	4
when models are VBN with code NNS as in the build pdf example , it is necessary to check that models and code actually fit .	20	24	VBP	fit	fits	4
after NN of active development of NNP on NNP , the efforts to provide the NNP environment on windows continue with the NNP windows initiative .	11	19	VBP	continue	continues	8
gulf countries , mostly in saudi arabia and 45 villagers work as teachers .	1	10	VBP	work	works	9
the president of the tokyo electric power company ( NNP ) , NNP NNP , formally VBZ at the JJ government office in NNP to the NNP governor NNP NNP for the nuclear crisis following the 11 march 2011 earthquake and NN .	1	16	VBZ	apologizes	apologize	15
principal component analysis ( NNP ) is the most commonly employed tool to do this .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
in a NN contract , NN from PRP ' the total number of cards that VBP and VBP hold in the defenders ' suit and duck their lead of the suit that many times ; CC ' is equal to four plus the level of the contract .	11	37	VBZ	is	are	26
a consequence of this system is that , each time a side VBZ the service , the server will be the player who did not serve last time .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
other instances , such as emperor NNP 's CD rebellion against the NNP NN and the CD NNP restoration under emperor NNP , show the power struggle between the imperial house and the military governments of japan .	1	23	VBP	show	shows	22
more information is coming out , and the reason to keep this is to keep the facts straight , in that we should list everything that they have ruled out or are looking at , including the weather , mechanical error , or pilot error .	8	12	VBZ	is	are	4
the public areas of cumberland island are part of a national NN managed by the national park service .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the systems of the chinese versions are not JJ with those of the international models .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
the focus of this journal is significant developments in the JJ region .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
as of march 2013 , his best showing at the world championships is 16th , in the CD event .	7	12	VBZ	is	are	5
the meat of NNP NN has low fat ( only 1 .	1	5	VBZ	has	have	4
one NN , NNP , has a social democratic editorial page .	1	5	VBZ	has	have	4
the focus of the program is the education of JJ leaders who are able to combine knowledge of systems and nursing care , the ability to build and manage teams , and apply JJ practice to improve patient outcomes .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
in the currently VBN JJ model of our universe , the `` JJ diameter distance '' of an object is a good NN to the `` real distance '' , i .	14	19	VBZ	is	are	5
on NNP a marine climate influenced by the gulf stream is JJ .	4	10	VBZ	is	are	6
others suggest that JJ learning activities like those found in team training or NNS courses are also NNS because they VBP the human JJ processes groups may display , albeit in a very different environment .	5	15	VBP	are	is	10
students in NNP park attend schools in NNP park independent school district .	0	4	VBP	attend	attends	4
typical industrial applications for circuits like that are JJ power supplies ( NNP ) , where NNS have replaced banks of JJ NNS that required much more space .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
the rate of breast cancer in men appears to be rising somewhat .	1	7	VBZ	appears	appear	6
even a common word ( such as `` floor '' , `` table '' or `` hill '' ) usually gets over 9 , 000 hits per month ( over 300 per day ) .	3	20	VBZ	gets	get	17
in the health insurance and the health care industries , NNP occurs when doctors and other health care providers receive a fee for each service such as an office visit , test , procedure , or other health care service .	13	19	VBP	receive	receives	6
however , occupation in the legal profession is not a NN to becoming a JJ , and a person of any profession may apply for and obtain a commission .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
a louisville NN that highlights this scene is NNP road , an area located in the heart of the highlands .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
consequently , the oldest town of the community is NNP , where a settlement from the period between CD to 600 bc was found .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
only 3 reverts are listed here in the past 24 hours , but i think the pattern of this editor VBG on reverting his new material into the article and deleting JJ material while VBG little for achieving talk page consensus is pretty clear .	16	41	VBZ	is	are	25
the mean temperature on january 1 is 50 degrees f .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
his work on the classic austrian stamps is an important document of austrian RB .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the `` feel '' of such instruments is rich and JJ to the point that they seem out of place when used in darker , more JJ pieces of classical music .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
villages around the lake include NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , and NNP .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
this is where his title NNP , meaning `` son of a consul '' , comes from .	9	15	VBZ	comes	come	6
your exceptional history , to contrary , seems to consist of no less than 15 blocks , one of which was supposed to last indefinitely , relating RB to edit warring and JJ behavior , the last of which just ended a few weeks ago .	2	7	VBZ	seems	seem	5
the reverse side of the JJ NN reads , `` CD annual NNP , department of illinois , g .	2	7	VBZ	reads	read	5
concrete discussion of JJ problems , pending NN of which `` the society has no JJ status in the church and its ministers can not RB exercise any ministry '' , meetings were to continue at approximately JJ intervals .	1	13	VBZ	has	have	12
plant food , which is consumed more in autumn and winter , includes the NNS , seeds , flowers , shoots and seeds of water plants , NNS and fruit .	1	12	VBZ	includes	include	11
their main advantage , when compared to other forms of government intervention in markets , is that they are a mechanism that VBZ its objectives `` quickly and directly '' .	2	15	VBZ	is	are	13
her ) NN NNS of NN , NN and NN in the NN of deep suffering VBP us that god always provides the strength we need to overcome every trial '' , the pope stated before the ceremony ended .	3	16	VBP	remind	reminds	13
we have certain structures which have been VBN out after blood and NN , but RB the more radical elements of our contributors are hardly likely to VB our practices , and so the quality of our articles continues in an occasionally JJ direction RB .	19	23	VBP	are	is	4
don NNP 's eldest son NNP `` NNP '' NNP is the current president and ceo of the company .	4	10	VBZ	is	are	6
his claim of attempting to VB a consensus is further proof of NN .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
other musical groups at the NNP are a NNP ( children 's NN ) , NNP ( youth JJ ) , a NNP ( gospel choir ) , a NNP ( NN ensemble ) and a NNP ( NN choir ) .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
abundant life for a person begins with a new birth , a new relationship with god , new NNS , and a new relationship with NN .	1	5	VBZ	begins	begin	4
in september 2007 NNP claimed that the flame 's engine , having two JJ NNS is a violation of their patent no CD under the patents act .	9	15	VBZ	is	are	6
the values of the variables which make the equation true are the solutions of the equation and can be found through equation solving .	1	10	VBP	are	is	9
solutions containing the radical are yellow and when the temperature of the solution is increased the yellow color becomes more intense as the equilibrium is shifted in favor of the radical following le NNP 's principle .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
organizations other than individual campaigns also contribute to election spending .	0	6	VBP	contribute	contributes	6
NNP NN , common name the dwarf NNP NNP , is a species of JJ sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family NNP , the NN snails , JJ shells or NNS .	4	10	VBZ	is	are	6
the present-day border between the two countries is a NN of this outcome .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
all modes , old and new , european or exotic , RB as they are capable of serving an JJ purpose , must be admitted by us and used by composers .	1	14	VBP	are	is	13
the NN of NNP process is that the grown NNS have high internal NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
any comments that suggest otherwise are pretty much invalid , so if you object to VB you must come up with other reasons .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
that point about NNS causing a net heat loss sounds JJ to me .	1	9	VBZ	sounds	sound	8
in each NNS ( NN ) NN , every interval between successive strings is a minor third .	9	13	VBZ	is	are	4
some sources , such as NNP , NNP saga and NNP NNP trace the foundation of the swedish kingdom back in the last centuries bc .	1	12	VBP	trace	traces	11
oppose a few issues i mentioned in the previous nom have yet to be addressed .	3	10	VBP	have	has	7
the town 's secondary school , park NNP high school , is the largest school in NNP and one of the biggest in scotland with over 1 , 400 students .	4	11	VBZ	is	are	7
key players for the NNP tide are NNP trent richardson ( CD .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
NNP NNS and changes in wind direction that VBD new NNS from the NNS of the old VBP the size distribution in a given field .	1	17	VBP	govern	governs	16
the engines that are controlled by NNP aircraft engines systems are from world wide engine manufacturers .	1	10	VBP	are	is	9
actions by medical boards and governmental agencies include NN , suspension or NN of license renewal .	0	7	VBP	include	includes	7
every metric space which is NN is also JJ , but in general a JJ JJ space need not be JJ .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
at this point a long period of struggle and conflict begins with the arrival of three powerful giant NNS from NNP , possibly the three great NNP .	5	10	VBZ	begins	begin	5
his comment on their work is that `` they 're RB light years ahead of the game .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
speedy delete as blatant hoax , so tagged - article claims a no .	1	10	VBZ	claims	claim	9
this also means that the NN is not out if a ball hit by the striker puts down the NN 's NN , provided the ball did not touch any member of the VBG side before doing so .	11	16	VBZ	puts	put	5
the area , known as us NNP , is RB about the size of minnesota and is the largest sector in iraq .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the rare and notable plants which occur here include JJ NN ( NNP NNP ) , VB NN ( NNP NN ) , field NN ( NNP NN ) and the nationally JJ british endemic early NN ( NNP RB ) .	4	8	VBP	include	includes	4
another benefit of coral NN is that it can offer alternative NNS to people living near the NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the adjacent tunnel to the west , nearest the station , runs to rice lane in NNP and was a part of the north liverpool extension line .	2	11	VBZ	runs	run	9
the NNP languages of south africa are well known for the JJ effects of certain NNS on tone , as are the wu dialects of chinese .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the various NNS of orthodox judaism oppose NN .	2	6	VBP	oppose	opposes	4
a JJ account of the name NN of the NNP JJ account of the battle of NNP CC NNP gives light as to the origin of its name .	2	19	VBZ	gives	give	17
the expression on the left side is a material derivative .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
october 2008 ( utc ) pov redirect that does not occur on the target page , and has nothing to do with the target .	6	17	VBZ	has	have	11
british rules , so maybe you do it opposite come to think of it .	1	6	VBP	do	does	5
annual paper production by NNP NNP NNP is now 300 , 000 NNS from the company 's two paper machines .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
importantly , the traditional and most accurate definition of a true NN , however , is not in the number of NNS , but rather that the NN NNS are set on stays that are not strictly structural to the NN itself .	7	15	VBZ	is	are	8
most developmental NNS ( NNS ) arise from excessive or insufficient cell death .	2	6	VBP	arise	arises	4
his work on NNP i is JJ .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
as north america contains several core nations , the growing NNS in those nations are able to maintain and develop medical institutions .	10	14	VBP	are	is	4
online resources , expert advice , monthly NNS , JJ experiences and live NNS to support career development are just a few of the benefits .	1	12	VBP	live	lives	11
the parent of this wikiproject is the aviation wikiproject .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
in the event of a tie , the song that received more votes from the public receives the higher position .	8	16	VBZ	receives	receive	8
tracks on their albums make use of dance , JJ , and romantic styles .	0	4	VBP	make	makes	4
i think that the comparison between NNS and NNS is not exact .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
NNP made it very clear however , that JJ consequences and JJ functions are not the same .	9	13	VBP	are	is	4
the psychological root of the problem is usually JJ ; therefore causing the treatment to be even more difficult .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the new instructions about the use of photos seem to say two different things .	2	8	VBP	seem	seems	6
large JJ simulation ( les ) is a mathematical model for NN used in JJ fluid dynamics .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
an article on NNP revolution is still to be written , and she should redirect ( at least until she becomes a truly notable designer ) to that article .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the amount of tickets kids earn depends on their dancing success .	1	6	VBZ	depends	depend	5
the second part , sword taking , shows what NNP refers to as the NN forms .	2	7	VBZ	shows	show	5
when a leader of the church of jesus christ of JJ saints has the same name as people outside the latter day saint movement , the person may be VBN with the JJ ( mormon ) .	2	12	VBZ	has	have	10
as of september 2012 , card counting is legal under federal , state , and local laws in the united states as long as no external card counting device or person assists the player in counting cards .	26	31	VBZ	assists	assist	5
the teachings of NNP NNP NNP also include several planes of the creation within both the NN and NN , including the NNP egg contained within the NNP NNP egg .	1	7	VBP	include	includes	6
hook in mouth '' is a song by the american NN metal band NNP , written by dave NNP and david NNP .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
his father , while not VBN by his son 's new approach to life , finally shows him respect .	1	16	VBZ	shows	show	15
JJ television ( NNP ) is a picture transmission method used mainly by amateur radio operators , to VB and receive static pictures via radio in NN or color .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
a further three volumes of NNP films are available from the NNP .	3	7	VBP	are	is	4
this JJ western gate of the city wall is the largest surviving city gate in england .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
many things are RB based , but the point about the word based is that it means derived from , not an exact copy , no further information needed .	8	13	VBZ	is	are	5
an extensive amount of information , combined with detailed hatch information , makes this a great NN to have for anyone planning on fly fishing in NNP national park .	2	12	VBZ	makes	make	10
in india , a man by the name of NNP comes up with the first concept for a spoken and written language .	4	10	VBZ	comes	come	6
also , at 11th level , a character with a NN feat and all of the JJ NNS is eligible for NN NN , which allows a character to gain additional powers from their second class in NN of taking a NNP path .	7	18	VBZ	is	are	11
anton ( ben NNP ) , NNP 's son and his successor as the griffin duke , leads haven armies .	8	17	VBZ	leads	lead	9
the most important catholic church of the town is NNP NNP da NNP which was built in a RB simple style at the end of the 19th century .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
his role in the story is that he is the one son who has no choice but to keep the family together , and he serves as the straight man in the comedy series .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
sounds to me like a NN for problems - i unfortunately recommend deletion .	0	11	VBP	recommend	recommends	11
the final three tracks on the album are all spanish versions of previously heard songs .	3	7	VBP	are	is	4
later reviewers such as all music 's NNP NNP cite the album as `` a NN , essential to any heavy metal collection '' , while also displaying `` a JJ sense of NN and NN '' .	1	9	VBP	cite	cites	8
the windows in the NN NNS are each VBN by a split NN with a head in a NN shell with JJ NN above , NNS which NNP used in his NN painting .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
the continuous use of the orchestra is another feature of JJ music drama , yet the way NNP writes for the orchestra is completely different from NNP , for example .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the third instance of NN teeth is from order NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the road either side of the tunnel is in a cutting which is very steep with no NN and is also not safe .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the NN of these NNS is a cherry red color surrounding the NN and a yellow thick NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
now the mill is said to be one of the most JJ `` NNS '' NN NN processes in the world , and the area below the spanish river dam is a designated fish sanctuary .	24	30	VBZ	is	are	6
but the fact that he is a successful actor and musician , as established by the NNP on this afd , means that people will want to know more about him .	2	21	VBZ	means	mean	19
the next drop of the NN goes through the previous loop .	2	6	VBZ	goes	go	4
if the set of states q is finite , then the transition functions are commonly represented as state transition tables .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
given that the number of relevant random events within a year may be rather limited , it is VBG that NNS of observed NNP data often lead to NNS other than the JJ extreme value distribution being selected .	20	26	VBP	lead	leads	6
the probable meaning of the name is `` JJ '' .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
studies citing specific JJ reactions and general consequences for long-term health and immunity are both causing professional bodies to recommend reduced frequency in JJ NN .	0	13	VBP	are	is	13
these restrictions on freedom of contract are the results of moral economy .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
today , only part of the airfield section that lay north of the NNP remains in active use .	3	14	VBZ	remains	remain	11
NNP ( novel ) by neil NNP is JJ , i hope the movie they are making of it does it justice .	13	19	VBZ	does	do	6
this `` list of famous graduates that graduated at NNP '' contains links to wikipedia articles about notable alumni and teachers of the NNP school in new york city .	2	11	VBZ	contains	contain	9
a fire in a moscow market kills 17 JJ workers .	1	6	VBZ	kills	kill	5
neutral point of view policy is JJ .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
contact with the future agent takes place only once , instead of at meetings over many months , as is the case with the JJ approach .	0	5	VBZ	takes	take	5
the difference between authors of text and NNS is that we are citing sources ( hopefully ) .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the story of NNP ( NNP ) tells a piece of NNP history , but from an english perspective .	1	7	VBZ	tells	tell	6
a list based an official hall of fame is fine .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
this is also true of the different parts of an object ; the surface of object a feels a stronger attraction to object b than the core of object a .	13	17	VBZ	feels	feel	4
the main purpose of this NN is to establish a respect for moral and natural law , and as a NN to VB in leaders .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the transformation back being performed by the queen of the NNPS , however , is a unique NN .	1	14	VBZ	is	are	13
a list of variant NNS and information on NN ( and much more ) is available through the NNP NN browser .	1	14	VBZ	is	are	13
the original english-language version of the show features the voices of actor and NNP writer mackenzie NNP , little britain JJ matt lucas , providing the voice for one of the cardinals , and actress jerry hall .	3	7	VBZ	features	feature	4
the diameter of that cylinder is equal to the NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
an armoured tank designed by [ [ NNP da NNP ] ] in the grounds of the NNP .	2	8	VBZ	da	da	6
although currently a 31 , 000 NN stadium , the record attendance at NNP stands at 61 , CD .	7	14	VBZ	stands	stand	7
the resolution 1810 ( 2008 ) calls upon all states that have not yet presented a first report to as required in the resolution CD to submit it to the CD committee without delay .	1	6	VBZ	calls	call	5
please note that this is a contested prod , with the article 's creator removing the prod notice with an edit summary of NNP is notable because it VBD 35 missions successfully , not many did that ' .	1	24	VBZ	is	are	23
but a look at the our candidate page of the website makes no real claims to notability , in fact if you posted that page as a wp page it would get deleted as a7 .	2	11	VBZ	makes	make	9
the sum total of these models in the brain is the JJ environment .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
people VBN from the safety of their homes to do NNS , go to town , attend school , or simply enjoy the JJ NN .	0	12	VBP	go	goes	12
in terms of size and public participation , the most notable example of this method is the google NNP .	11	15	VBZ	is	are	4
the unnamed but JJ valley cut through by state route NNP is commonly , but incorrectly , referred to as red rock canyon .	5	11	VBZ	is	are	6
the range of this species is from the NNP islands near san francisco to NNP NNP , in NNP california , mexico .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the concept of functional NN VBZ that the participant will only see the box as a device to hold the NNS and not immediately VB it as a separate and functional component available to be used in solving the task .	1	5	VBZ	predicts	predict	4
the key concerns for NN NN are NN , NNS , template NN and template wear .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the art style for the characters is a typical anime look , as opposed to a realistic or super VBD one .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
if anyone wants to conduct research about VBG games , pages such as this one are essential .	10	15	VBP	are	is	5
even today 's computers and simulation software are not adequate .	3	7	VBP	are	is	4
one small business in the neighborhood , the capitol NNP store at CD and NNP , features a tall native american statue as the landmark of west lawn .	2	16	VBZ	features	feature	14
notable NNS of web NNS software and services include NNP , NNP , NNP , and google NNP .	1	8	VBP	include	includes	7
the portion of will county around NNP uses the CD and CD area codes , CD and CD area code for far northern will county , and CD area code for eastern will county .	1	7	VBZ	uses	use	6
not only recent changes , also other pages , i think .	3	10	VBP	think	thinks	7
amongst the many members who served on the council , its chairman during the 1920s , VBG NNP , is possibly the most notable .	11	19	VBZ	is	are	8
some varieties of NN such as NNP and king edward NN are more suitable for VBG than others , owing to their size and consistency .	1	11	VBP	are	is	10
his sister , NNP , is married to NNP NNP , the NN of NNP NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
NNS with a plastic shell ( such as sc NNS ) typically use a JJ shell .	0	12	VBP	use	uses	12
in NNP , alaska the process for replacing the skin of an NN begins when the ice moves away from the shores of the arctic ocean in july .	5	13	VBZ	begins	begin	8
the chapel of our lady of good death is in the JJ style , erected by the NNP family in 1919 .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the reasons for the NN are a subject of scholarly and political debate .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
when the NN queen of the NNS , NNP bishop , VBZ NNP 's favorite teacher , mr .	3	11	VBZ	accuses	accuse	8
the statistical district `` NNP '' , which covers the village and the surrounding countryside , has a population of around CD .	2	16	VBZ	has	have	14
other mountains in the range include NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
as a consequence his carries were limited until the game against the missouri tigers where he had 15 carries .	9	18	VBZ	carries	carry	9
caroline instances of the genre are largely derivative of earlier models and are little read today , even by specialists .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
most service stations ( maybe all ) in the uk have a local access road as well as a motorway link .	2	10	VBP	have	has	8
although he did come to fame only for being a member of one band , the interviews which reliable sources are collecting are RB personal and NN into him as an artist and not as a member of an ensemble .	16	22	VBP	are	is	6
the track lengths on many of the 2001 NNS are incorrect .	2	9	VBP	are	is	7
the NN for the murder is not obvious .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
energy use ( therefore carbon emissions ) is the primary environmental cause for concern from building NN , NN and air NN ( NNP ) services are the primary use of energy in buildings .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the best thing for a kid is JJ .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
junction 1 of the NNP motorway is northeast along a choice of routes and the NNP motorway is a few mile further along that motorway at junction 2 `` the NNP interchange '' .	0	6	VBZ	is	are	6
current system breaks down when several editors decide that they do not want certain information to be included , no matter how well it was sourced .	2	7	VBP	decide	decides	5
the solution for each image is the result of the JJ NN block NN with NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the NNP offices in NNP and NNP handle the JJ business of the NNP at national level .	2	7	VBP	handle	handles	5
an interchange with the pennsylvania extension of the new jersey NNP ( NNP ) is present in florence township .	1	14	VBZ	is	are	13
the primary members of the NNP are the NNP and the inside and outside directors along with the NN and the static man .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the transmitter building of VBG transmitter is CD metres away from both NNS .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
his nickname , given to him by his enemies in the game , is `` el NNP NNP '' .	1	13	VBZ	is	are	12
however , the feature is difficult to distinguish from NN by water and NN , and other authors have stated that the assignment of class NNP is JJ .	22	26	VBZ	is	are	4
fair use in desperate NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the only surviving manuscript which records the JJ process of this version is the NNP , or NN 's copy of the score , which was prepared for the symphony 's publisher alfred j .	3	12	VBZ	is	are	9
the software architecture of a system consists of the various software components used to design and operate the software .	2	6	VBZ	consists	consist	4
the underlying mechanism that causes differential rotation is JJ NN inside a star .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the three tapes , all named after former bus lines in the oakland bay area , feature high quality based production from the likes of NNP and NNP .	2	16	VBP	feature	features	14
the main crops cultivated in this village are JJ , NNS , NN , NN and other JJ crops .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
the answer to ( 1 ) is generally no , since for a single arc , the set of JJ points is just a curve .	17	21	VBZ	is	are	4
the key purpose of this report is to VB a NN on members of congress who have consistently VBN with the energy industry and against the interests of those they are elected to represent , '' said NNP president gene NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the volume , the first of its kind , contains entries on major schools , NNS , works and concepts in chinese philosophy and is considered the most comprehensive scholarly reference book with exact information and original interpretation of chinese philosophy and its history .	1	9	VBZ	contains	contain	8
examples of RB important JJ acids are the NNS , derived primarily from JJ acid and JJ acid , that include NNS , NNS , and NNS .	0	6	VBP	are	is	6
the call of this frog varies from a NN machine gun VBG burst to a single POS ' sound , depending on the call race , which varies RB .	1	5	VBZ	varies	vary	4
her personal best time over 200 metres is 23 .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the courtyard area , known as NNP NNP square , is vast and is capable of holding massive populations of muslims who attend the mosque during the prayer season .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
the use of maple underneath NNP allows all of the system equations to be generated and simplified automatically .	1	6	VBZ	allows	allow	5
some users here , perhaps two or more , have a history of favorable edits to mr .	1	9	VBP	have	has	8
the main prize in this event is the new zealand post book of the year , which is awarded to one of the four category winners ; either fiction , general NNP , illustrated NNP or poetry .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the lie group that it VBZ is the special linear group .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the VBG characteristic of NNP 's playing style is the use of complex JJ NNS , in NN of irish and highland NN .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
an alternative to having a trailer brake NN in the cab is to fit the trailer with an electromagnetic brake .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
the NN is separated from the now treated NN in the NN zone where the density of the NN allows separation by JJ NN .	15	19	VBZ	allows	allow	4
a NN released by the executive office of the president of the united states shortly after the start of the cold war called survival under atomic attack depicts the nature of the early civil defense initiatives .	1	27	VBZ	depicts	depict	26
park studio , NNP then asks the player to go and do more NNS for two other artists he is trying to sign .	1	5	VBZ	asks	ask	4
its companion , 12th magnitude 49 NNP b , is much NN and of an unknown JJ type .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the NN summit of black down is a popular viewing point , crowned by the 72 foot high hardy monument built in 1844 in memory of NNP sir thomas NNP hardy who was admiral nelson 's flag captain at the battle of NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
i think the JJ nature of the article is n't very encyclopedic , but at the same time i think it 's NN for the sort of material covered .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
the main gameplay mechanics of little NNS are similar to other JJ racing games such as super sprint , NNP heat and super off road .	3	7	VBP	are	is	4
a project that is inactive is no help to the encyclopedia , and a project that never will be active will never be a help to the encyclopedia , thus i say we should delete this .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the lower board of the clock is a calendar .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
plot ( 1842 revised edition ) NNP NNP 's two sons , NNP and NNP , return home from an orthodox seminary in kiev .	10	16	VBP	return	returns	6
the modern rule , however , is that the failure of a JJ gift to one NN causes that NN 's share to be divided among the remaining JJ NNS .	9	17	VBZ	causes	cause	8
after they escape in a NN through an empty town , it is revealed that the man talking to mike is dylan morton from NNP crisis 2 and he is also NNP 's father .	16	20	VBZ	is	are	4
the content which was deleted seems to be the sort of stuff which should be covered in the redirect article and largely is .	1	5	VBZ	seems	seem	4
the major NN of NN based education ( NNP ) is that NN and NNS should be awarded on the basis of demonstrated performance on NN and on results , rather than on VBN or completed credits .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
the district attorney , determined to VB this appeal to VB the case , uses all the government 's evidence to keep those who marched alongside dr .	2	14	VBZ	uses	use	12
the NNP park , which is named after two lakes in the park , features mature , mixed forest with many small lakes .	2	14	VBZ	features	feature	12
the link in the article shows it is one of two mosque operated by an VBG mosque .	1	5	VBZ	shows	show	4
comment - the sourcing is okay .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
they are RB , miniature versions of the adult and have a pale brown head and JJ white NN .	5	10	VBP	have	has	5
one hypothesis for this `` NN NN '' is that the NNS formed in a disc of gas still not expelled by the sun .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the third terminal of the airport , terminal 3 or NNP , is the newest and biggest terminal in the NNP complex , JJ construction started in 1997 .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
the stream of NNP creek runs through this township .	1	5	VBZ	runs	run	4
two populations in southern florida are particularly notable .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the actual source of the article is my camera .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
further prizes of the italian mathematical union are the NNP prize , the NNP prize and the NNP medal .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
the only thing that makes us different is our backgrounds , experience , and differences in cultures .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
i look around , and quickly realize that the only difference between this and a huge NN party is that all these NNS play music .	10	18	VBZ	is	are	8
the creation of paris sciences et NNPS results from a joint initiative by leading scientific institutions , which share a common location at the very heart of paris , france , in the so-called latin quarter .	1	5	VBZ	et	et	4
their volleyball team competes at the nearby crawford hall , however , they use the NNP for some games where high attendance is expected .	3	13	VBP	use	uses	10
if the value of selected NNS the value of NN , then NN is JJ and all other lists are collapsed .	7	13	VBZ	is	are	6
the VBG population of NN and NNS includes NN , NN , NN , common NN , VBD RB , grey NN , NN , NN , water rail , NN , NN , NN , NN NN , JJ NN and little NN .	2	7	VBZ	includes	include	5
currently , NNS offering coverage of these JJ extra channels include sky sport germany , sky sports NNP ( uk ) , bbc , whenever the latter are showing the race live , and sky sport NNP ( italy ) .	2	10	VBP	include	includes	8
red dress '' features two NNS , as well as verses that are reminiscent of `` NNP '' by american pop band NNP .	3	21	VBP	band	bands	18
alumni of the site include NNP studios ' luke smith , NNP .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
the high temperature of the NNS when on fire far VBZ that of other JJ NNS making normal VBG agents JJ .	2	10	VBZ	exceeds	exceed	8
heating iron to a `` JJ heat '' allows NN as if it were a soft , JJ metal , like copper or silver .	1	8	VBZ	allows	allow	7
use of a given graphics chip is not the same as using the same card , nor the same components .	0	6	VBZ	is	are	6
a single radio template listing both types of stations is sufficient .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
the problem with VBG the list to notable websites is that universe today would be excluded from the list .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
redirect to chris NNP who , out of all of the band members , seems to be the most notable .	0	14	VBZ	seems	seem	14
the five largest religious groups by world population , estimated to account for 5 billion people , are christianity , islam , buddhism , NNP ( with the relative numbers for buddhism and NNP dependent on the extent of NN ) and chinese folk religion .	4	17	VBP	are	is	13
their service with the court meets in whole or in part the NN requirements of the provincial law societies as a condition of admission to the bar .	1	5	VBZ	meets	meet	4
i and a few others have attempted to rewrite the article to make it acceptable , it was previously little more than a JJ list of JJ allegations , but the fundamental problems with the article remain so it should be deleted .	32	36	VBP	remain	remains	4
many political parties , community groups , NNP 's and other groups and people see the NN of water as a NN of basic human rights on behalf of state and federal governments .	5	14	VBP	see	sees	9
policy changes in early childhood education ( like many fields ) occur by way of individuals who possess little knowledge of the field itself .	1	11	VBP	occur	occurs	10
VBN soils and fill material are sources of VBN dust .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the far eastern collectors who dominate this market tend to prefer chamber music , and solo violin and NN .	3	8	VBP	tend	tends	5
NNP rank of 73 in the us is a strong NN of notability .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the set p ( n ) is not JJ ; i .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
over the past few days several users , 2 of whom are administrators on wikipedia , engaged in NN and arbitrary blocking .	6	11	VBP	are	is	5
this translation has been generally quite well received ; a review in the observer of london is representative in its praise and in its NNS .	10	16	VBZ	is	are	6
the largest building in the area is the JJ country lodge , a historic hotel which contains six rooms .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the NNS on the north side and south arch of the nave are of NNP stone ( 14th century ) ; those of the south side are granite ( 15th century ) .	1	12	VBP	are	is	11
the gng is , RB , JJ , but the reason it works so well for us is because any editor can look at the sources and judge for themselves whether the gng is passed .	10	17	VBZ	is	are	7
however , an official picture of walt disney and two children , christine NNP NNP ( age 5 ) and michael NNP ( 7 ) , RB identifies them as the first two guests of NNP .	4	27	VBZ	identifies	identify	23
the NN NNS and JJ electronic beats are fun and NN , but the JJ lyrics and themes are n't intended for younger fans .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
monthly updates , starting with the fifth `` the NNP of tyler NNP '' , are free to players who continue to VB but are JJ NNP for players who do not .	1	15	VBP	are	is	14
her mother , NNP NNP , resides in NNP , md .	1	6	VBZ	resides	reside	5
the JJ properties of JJ NNS , JJ functions and other NNS of NN in mathematical physics , astronomy and right across the physical sciences , are not easy to document completely , absent a theory explaining the NNS .	2	26	VBP	are	is	24
an alternative , controversial , explanation has it that the word originally referred to a variety of games in medieval europe , which were played on foot .	1	6	VBZ	has	have	5
half a year or a year looks a good term .	2	6	VBZ	looks	look	4
i fail to see what the cold war in any way has to do with the definition of NN , or with the boxer rebellion , which happened 45 years before the cold war .	7	11	VBZ	has	have	4
the owner of a failing race track seeks to reverse his fortune by holding a series of promotion events where the cars are driven by women .	1	7	VBZ	seeks	seek	6
the song that is played when lisa walks into the monastery is o NNP .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
according to national census of 2001 , population of the village is CD .	7	11	VBZ	is	are	4
even rebellion 's current NNS of NNP 's stories feature brief descriptions of smith on the biography pages , whereas other artists whose contribution and influence is not as great receive detailed paragraphs .	4	9	VBP	feature	features	5
the goal of such radical changes is the more quality and JJ research of the produced and realized production as well as creation the unified trading zone on the territory of certain states .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the original route between NNP and NNP is now the NNP road , and the NNP VBZ significantly from it ; similarly , the NNP was the original route between NNP and NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
one route , operated by NNP coach travel , runs along NNP road in york , before entering the village along NNP NNP lane and the other is a direct route along NNP road into york run by first group .	1	9	VBZ	runs	run	8
RB , here on earth , the equivalent NNS occur , but the relevant parameters of our planet 's magnetic field are a bit different than jupiter - so the very low frequency radio NN here on earth are at JJ frequencies .	14	21	VBP	are	is	7
the business about having an editorial board and reputation , etc , is for secondary sources .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
images of this cover are already widely distributed to identify the single as part of NNS and reviews , so we do not VB the market value by providing it here .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
the northern part of grand NNP borders the nation of NNP NN .	2	6	VBZ	borders	border	4
according to this view , the authority to create the constitution derives from the prior act of NN accomplished by the declaration .	6	11	VBZ	derives	derive	5
JJ cities like montreal and ottawa have important papers in both french and english .	1	6	VBP	have	has	5
her only connection to her JJ people is a collection of recorded journal entries made by the scientist who VBD for her as a baby .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
letter from us congress raises some NNS the NNP , 23 december CD january 2009 , during the gaza war , NNP condemned israel , saying , `` this naked NN and JJ use of force by israel is unfortunate and only leads to further NN of violence '' .	0	4	VBZ	raises	raise	4
no worthy article , no matter how obscure the topic , gets zero google hits .	2	11	VBZ	gets	get	9
alex NNP musician with `` massive success '' but no entries on allmusic or NN ; zero google hits for `` NNP records '' ; only five hits for ' '' alex NN '' `` keep it real '' ' , and the top one is a myspace page .	2	18	VBZ	hits	hit	16
the number of refugees from western bosnia is unknown .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the source of the river is in south NNP , lincolnshire , from NN it flows generally north until it reaches lincoln .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
since only the first two NNS after the JJ place are significant , this is usually rounded to 5 .	5	10	VBP	are	is	5
the desk for the president is an original piece made by john shaw in CD .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
place NNS in association football are the corner kick , free kick , goal kick , NNP and penalty kick .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
a JJ interpretation of the rule allows for the case in which an ideal device could contain hundreds of NN NNS , each operating at very low power and together performing large amounts of ( processing ) work quickly .	2	6	VBZ	allows	allow	4
perhaps the reason we use electric NNS now is because we are used to having NNS NNP .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
senior NNS of the university however also wear these NNS .	1	7	VBP	wear	wears	6
the most recent NN petition , filed by medical NNS advocates in 2002 , is likely to wind up in the u .	4	14	VBZ	is	are	10
transcription , in the context of NN , is the process in which an NN makes a line art drawing to show the signs on a clay NN or stone inscription in a graphic form suitable for modern publication .	0	8	VBZ	is	are	8
while wikipedia in general , and NNS in particular , are usually very JJ with no JJ chain of command , some projects have VBN from VBG a certain hierarchy within their membership .	6	10	VBP	are	is	4
another popular song by NNP , `` CD '' , is a tribute to bruce lee .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
for example , NNP above proposed a nice line , `` if material acquired from a JJ source is contentious in some way , it is best to explicitly attribute the material to its author in the wikipedia article text , rather than state it as fact .	12	18	VBZ	is	are	6
lesbian women and straight men have , on average , slightly larger right brain NNS .	1	5	VBP	have	has	4
scouts can be seen marching through the village every year on st george 's day when a service at holy trinity VBZ scouts , cubs and NNS of the role of scouting and all members VBP their scout promise .	17	21	VBZ	reminds	remind	4
a NN , or occasionally JJ , is a man who is a member of a JJ religious order in catholic christianity .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the theory of war cycles holds that wars happen in cycles .	1	5	VBZ	holds	hold	4
be advised that most every image of these ships in commons is unsourced and JJ at this level .	5	11	VBZ	is	are	6
activities in the middle school include a student council , a school newspaper , and a NN committee .	0	5	VBP	include	includes	5
both types of JJ NNS give a subtle but interesting visual NN , and tend to draw the fabric NNS , making it VB .	1	5	VBP	give	gives	4
the NN at NNP pit cove has some of the best NN facilities in the conception bay area .	1	6	VBZ	has	have	5
the foundation for alcohol research supports scientific studies on the use and prevention of NN of alcohol .	1	5	VBZ	supports	support	4
the state designation for the road ends in the cdp , near NNP volunteer fire department .	2	6	VBZ	ends	end	4
the law , which is developed upon the basis of islamic law and is not set out in writing , consists of a system of marine laws and regulations ; in regard , the sea is a source of work and welfare .	1	20	VBZ	consists	consist	19
the age distribution , , in NNP is ; CD children or 7 .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the influence of islamic and arab culture on its architecture , music , NN , cuisine and lifestyle is prominent as well .	1	18	VBZ	is	are	17
his contribution to american art includes some of the foremost examples of action painting , produced consistently over the course of the second half of the 20th century .	1	5	VBZ	includes	include	4
land of make believe is the third album by alternative hip-hop group NNP in the hall , released on march 9 , 2010 .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
websites selling the product make several more detailed claims , including acquiring a `` larger NN '' .	0	4	VBP	make	makes	4
typical share classes for funds sold through NNS or other NNS are as follows .	2	11	VBP	are	is	9
the statue of the goddess has four arms .	1	5	VBZ	has	have	4
a JJ NN in z [ x ] is JJ in z [ x ] if and only if it is both JJ in q [ x ] and primitive in z [ x ] .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the shell of the venus NN NN NNP NN has an extremely long JJ canal .	1	9	VBZ	has	have	8
the highest point of the city is to 1 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
numerous NNS of the NNP and NNP pass through the area .	1	7	VBP	pass	passes	6
such questions of content or quality are beyond the scope of afd and should not be used as arguments for deletion .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
a JJ treatment of this phenomenon involves the NN of all NNS in the molecule ; this treatment , however , NNS to show the principle .	2	6	VBZ	involves	involve	4
no assertion in the article suggests otherwise , and the article does not cite any secondary sources .	1	5	VBZ	suggests	suggest	4
moreover , the NNS based on function between NNS and other cells such as NN and muscle cells are not helpful .	3	18	VBP	are	is	15
north sea island of NNP and is germany 's JJ town and a former municipality .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the main advantage to breaking for home on contact is that it reduces the amount of time an NN will have to make a play at home and , thus , increases the NN of the runner scoring .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
full dress for the lord chancellor and judges comprises black cloth or NN court coat , NN , black cloth knee NNS , black silk NNS , shoes and steel NNS , plain bands , white NNS , and a beaver hat .	1	8	VBZ	comprises	comprise	7
species which are critically endangered receive a higher score than less threatened species , which in turn , receive a higher score than those not currently in danger of extinction .	0	5	VBP	receive	receives	5
the most recent episode of the series is peter gabriel 's so , released in autumn of 2012 .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP NNP charges , and NNP and kid combine their power .	2	8	VBP	combine	combines	6
a NN in the manga reveals he was VBN a lot during his high school years .	1	5	VBZ	reveals	reveal	4
members of the baptist community attend church at NN NNP NNP de NNP , located at CD , route NNP .	0	5	VBP	attend	attends	5
the NNS NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP all have the same surface area .	1	14	VBP	have	has	13
the province , with an area of , has a largely continental climate and flat NN .	1	8	VBZ	has	have	7
the main figure of the second section is the NNP general NNP no NNP ( NNP ) .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the NNP class ( project 160 ) is a class of NN NN built for the soviet navy between 1967 and 1972 .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
another view , first expressed by NNP brown , is that the poem celebrated the marriage of NNP and his wife NNP stanley , the JJ daughter of henry stanley , 4th earl of derby .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
only connection to notable figures seems to be alex jones .	1	5	VBZ	seems	seem	4
major peaks on the ridge include , from west to east , NNP peak , NNP peak , and NNP point .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
the planned date for NN of the NNP service is march 2012 .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the varied nature of the web requires that the NN NNS and data formats can be supported by the largest number of web technologies .	2	6	VBZ	requires	require	4
in ad CD a JJ , JJ NNP pilot named steve NNP joins the lady from louisiana , a NN in its first major assault on the NNP NNP .	8	12	VBZ	joins	join	4
the NNP region , isolated from the rest of NNP by NNP , is an important agriculture producing area , but without the infrastructure or transportation links to improve its capacity .	2	13	VBZ	is	are	11
indeed , the sound of the album is much JJR than that of any official NNP studio release since NNP , with a very JJ mix .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
some notable officers who were stationed at fort NNP include captain randolph b .	2	9	VBP	include	includes	7
the number of humans who have had the pleasure of a nose hook is too small to VB NN inclusion here .	1	13	VBZ	is	are	12
this travel time to reach mackenzie king station is also 5 minutes .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the seven british army infantry battalions of the scottish division , plus the scots guards and royal scots NNP guards regiments , use the NNP in a variety of forms .	5	22	VBP	use	uses	17
one of the classes , called wrestlers , has been operating since 1978 ; over 300 audio and video recordings of these classes are available .	19	23	VBP	are	is	4
NNP method , also known as the NNP method or the method of successive NN , is an JJ method used to solve a linear system of equations .	1	16	VBZ	is	are	15
JJ NN of adult human genes is science fiction .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
RB the most important layer of the swiss plateau is the thick NN sequence that VBD at the border of the alps due to the rapid erosion of the RB JJ mountains .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
the information on the roman empire seems out of place in this section .	1	6	VBZ	seems	seem	5
NN questions the rate that they would grow as the biology is different than NNP ' armor .	3	11	VBZ	is	are	8
pr releases and they are not advertising , they are simply NNS that the sources in question chose to run .	1	9	VBP	are	is	8
a major festival in san NNP is the NNP del NNP ( which VBZ to the festival of the NNP NNP ) , held on the first sunday in october each year .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP city before the bomb , development and decision to drop the bomb , the lives of NNP citizens during world war ii and after the bombing , and ends with information about the nuclear age and efforts for international peace .	4	29	VBZ	ends	end	25
building features , however , lead to the conclusion that its striking JJ crossing tower has its NNS in the latter half of the 11th century .	1	5	VBP	lead	leads	4
the line in the charles NNP song , NNP 's mob , ann street , refers to the crowds drawn to see the NNS at this museum .	1	15	VBZ	refers	refer	14
a popular choice for a prior distribution for the probability of an event is the beta distribution , because it is a NN prior for this problem - that is , once you collect data , the updated distribution is again beta .	2	13	VBZ	is	are	11
the sea current in the gulf flows NN .	1	6	VBZ	flows	flow	5
articles of manufacture may have parts , but any interaction among the parts is usually static .	9	13	VBZ	is	are	4
the problem he encountered many times over in VBG a solution is that if you changed the protocol you created a proprietary solution that only worked if you controlled the entire service NN .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
in an article in restoration magazine VBZ women in the plan of god he wrote `` the church and the world has yet to feel the impact of modern NNP and NNP , moving under the JJ NN and yet within the divine order .	17	21	VBZ	has	have	4
the third part of NNP NNP theory is punishment .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the statute of the autonomous province of NNP is the highest legal document pertaining to the fundamental principles of NNP , in accordance with the constitution of serbia .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
joseph NNP NNP this article about a NNP of manitoba has substantial content but lacks references .	4	10	VBZ	has	have	6
NNP JJ traditions survived and important finds from this phase include a NN , a NN or NN , copper NN and a copper ring , which are known as copper NNP .	6	10	VBP	include	includes	4
the non standard size of the restriction NN determines the reading which therefore differs for each design .	3	8	VBZ	determines	determine	5
however , large parts of europe now receive their oil from russia .	3	7	VBP	receive	receives	4
the reason that i believe for this article to be noteworthy is because i have witnessed myself the leadership ability of michael , by knowing him RB through school organizations .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
the costs of such an arrangement are generally higher than using a NN .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
the name of the peerage refers to halifax , west yorkshire .	1	5	VBZ	refers	refer	4
the post of the principal of the adjacent government school is a principal ii ( an NNP ) as it 's a band two school .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
episode 9 ( growing ) rogers gets a NN so he can prove to viewers there is nothing that VBZ anybody during a NN .	0	6	VBZ	gets	get	6
the NNP 's reasons for nominating NNP to the NNS are unclear but most likely had to do with the fact that NNP , cia and NNP were after him .	3	10	VBP	are	is	7
the NNP catalog number of this NN is u 11 .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
at the moment such NNS ( NNS ) are not available , mainly because of the NN of JJ templates .	4	8	VBP	are	is	4
in particular , a surface with empty boundary is a surface in the usual sense .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
an NN was once told by de la NNP , `` our purpose in VBG with the NNP is to help VB [ real ] dialogue .	12	18	VBZ	is	are	6
the rest of this personal life section has a JJ NN to it .	1	7	VBZ	has	have	6
the sum of the NNP and its NN appears in the above NN because it is the theory whose low energy effective action is expected to be described by NNP 's NN .	1	8	VBZ	appears	appear	7
JJ NNP shore of the NNP sea is the lowest point in europe .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the video for the song features the performance of `` NNP sisters '' in the movie and clips from the movie are VBN throughout the video .	1	5	VBZ	features	feature	4
a review of the subject 's NN at imdb demonstrates that the subject does not meet the third criterion ( being part of a group nomination for a non-notable award with twelve other NNS does not VB notability ) .	1	9	VBZ	demonstrates	demonstrate	8
a JJ free image for this musician is impossible as he died over 20 years ago .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
according to an interview on his greatest hits dvd , the girl in the uk video is a south african woman who 's identity has never been known .	11	16	VBZ	is	are	5
at the bottom of the JJ shaft the crown wheel , which has 35 NNS , drives a NN with 43 NNS on the NN of the NNP NN .	9	16	VBZ	drives	drive	7
almost every NNP game in the us receives similar coverage .	3	7	VBZ	receives	receive	4
the third section of the book , entitled `` after thirty years of class war '' , comprises the text of an interview with NNP conducted at mit on january 6 , 2012 by a new york university student , edward NNP .	2	17	VBZ	comprises	comprise	15
the problem with the latter , of course , is that it 's not automatically VBN ; if a new NN is introduced in the middle , all the subsequent NNS have to be JJ , which costs time and opens the door to VB human errors .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
another very important part of the sensor array is the tower on which it VBZ .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
h , says that abuse and harassment of NNS is very common .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
he VBD that the investigation team is taking the necessary steps into finding what caused the accident and declared that part of the road had already been repaired , though the bodies of the 11 victims are still there .	31	36	VBP	are	is	5
call of the wild is a 2006 american NN film directed by NNP NNP , created by NNP animation and distributed by sony pictures entertainment .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
this list of sri NNP NNS includes notable NNS from the country of sri lanka .	1	6	VBZ	includes	include	5
the boundary line between NNP and NNP counties is nearby .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
hearing of the railroad plans to extend through indian territory and knowing that rich deposits of coal were in an area north of the town of NNP , NNP convinced reynolds and NNP that NNP would be a more suitable and JJ location for the trading post .	0	4	VBZ	plans	plan	4
in one comic strip the reader learns that he has failed the class six times and the governing body of the school wants to get rid of him .	18	22	VBZ	wants	want	4
so each point on that VBD grey line exists at a different time for the station observer , and at the same time for the observer on the train .	2	8	VBZ	exists	exist	6
generally the only way you can permanently VB an enzyme is by RB binding or otherwise destroying the enzyme .	3	10	VBZ	is	are	7
the leaves of the NN tree are large , NN , JJ green and JJ in shape .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
the paintings of jenny NNP include family and NNS among other NNS ; often done in extreme NNS , attempting to balance NN with NN ; all while expressing how a woman feels about the female NN .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
the period of time between two lunar NNS is the JJ month , which is a basic unit in most lunar ( such as the islamic ) and JJ ( such as the hebrew ) VBZ .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the history of the town dates back to the 11th century when it was just a small village .	1	5	VBZ	dates	date	4
other towns in the province are san NNP , NNP and santa rosa .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the best time '' ( 18 november 1989 ) old NNP clarke has no time for her NN , franco NNP .	2	12	VBZ	has	have	10
JJ contributions to hollywood by NNP include NNP alumni eugene NNP , martin short , and dave thomas .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
the rise of industrial music , somewhat a fusion of NN and heavy metal , rises to worldwide popularity with bands like NNP , nine inch NNP , NNP , ministry and NNP NNP .	1	15	VBZ	rises	rise	14
the last example of NN sensitive to minimal distance between spots is [ [ NNP distance ] ] ( NNP et al .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
in another study , NNP brain NNS were taken of NNP and another NN expert to identify the parts of the brain involved in NN , with NNS suggesting `` that brain structures that process visual information in JJ people process echo information in blind NN experts .	32	40	VBP	process	processes	8
some organizations , such as european case clearing house and NNP , run competitions to identify the best new teaching cases .	1	12	VBP	run	runs	11
the era of garage biology is upon us .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
for a start , the name of the aircraft is NNP , not NNP , so that is what should be stated in the NN , and that should be the title .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
a JJ hierarchy or inclusion hierarchy is a JJ ordering of JJ sets .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the NN plants around its NNS are NNP NN ( common NN ) , and the JJ species , NNP ( common reed ) and NNP NNS ( purple NN ) .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
requests for NNP investigations come through regular military police organizations , but cf members and NNP employees can lay complaints , or communicate directly with regional offices or individual NNP members .	0	4	VBP	come	comes	4
NNP elementary schools within the city limits are NNP and west wing .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
NNP 's talk page , if read in its entirety , is a NN in NN .	3	11	VBZ	is	are	8
well one thing you can do is check to see if the size of the page has changed by more than a few characters .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
eventually , at a great enough distance , a NN point is reached at which the rate of decrease in light intensity is insufficient to increase the NN .	16	22	VBZ	is	are	6
a good reference to the correct usage and NN is [ 1 ] .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
for example , the first letter of the whole number plate for NNP vehicles is `` b '' .	5	14	VBZ	is	are	9
its probably past time to close this thread before someone makes things worse .	3	10	VBZ	makes	make	7
a redirect to the unit page , without merging any of the content into it is a good alternative to outright deletion , although i can VB arguments for outright deletion .	1	15	VBZ	is	are	14
the length of runway at NNP airport has an option to be upgraded to reach to meet new demands .	1	7	VBZ	has	have	6
the changes that occurred within basically 50 years are dramatic .	1	8	VBP	are	is	7
some major programs like social security , NNP , federal NNS and veteran 's benefits are JJ .	2	15	VBP	are	is	13
the NNS of the lesser buildings are more modest .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
as per consensus previously established , articles relating to uk general election results in individual counties are not noteworthy in the scheme of uk politics .	6	16	VBP	are	is	10
library of NNP or public library of NNP district municipality ( ) is a public library in the town of NNP , lithuania .	0	12	VBZ	is	are	12
international cultural studies , VBG on diverse geographical areas and selected cultural problems of international significance , are also of high importance .	2	17	VBP	are	is	15
first witness of the prosecution is senior police officer 4 charlie NNP of the philippine national police .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the link between NN and static compilation is or .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the `` young princes murdered in the tower , '' his first important work on a historical subject , dates from CD , and it was followed by the `` burial of the princes in the tower '' .	13	19	VBZ	dates	date	6
the form `` cathedral '' , as it is commonly known , is the largest church in the caribbean , measuring by and was elevated to the status of a minor basilica on 11 may 1999 as part of the JJ celebrations .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
some NNS that have been linked to the development of JJ NNS include NN , NNS , NN , and NN .	1	12	VBP	include	includes	11
graves from this period indicate that the settlement had been continued .	0	4	VBP	indicate	indicates	4
the figures in the NNS appear to be families , but in every case they are families that are divided .	1	5	VBP	appear	appears	4
the only NN of physical development that can be applied from birth through mature NN is bone age .	2	15	VBZ	is	are	13
the drink , like other products , supports the use of NNP as a parody of other NNS or musicians who become NN NNS .	1	7	VBZ	supports	support	6
the most fundamental and critical stability issue for magnetic fusion is simply that NNP NNS often limit performance at high beta .	6	10	VBZ	is	are	4
the current NN for the NN of the united states national master title is a NNP rating of CD .	2	13	VBZ	is	are	11
and more than anyone else , a woman in the role of his wife , who knows the man from the inside , has the upper hand to witness him at his most vulnerable and then use the knowledge to her advantage .	7	23	VBZ	has	have	16
the locality nearest to the glacier is puerto NNP NNP , which is located on the western shore of general NNP lake .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
all the content , from all the faith traditions , in the spirit of NN , is deeply JJ .	2	16	VBZ	is	are	14
the most known place for catherine wheels is NNP , where they fill a whole road with them , from small wheels to large , complex gear work .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
however , in many gardens , the damage caused by NNS to NNS is mostly visual , and it is also possible to simply remove the earth of the NNS as they appear , leaving their permanent galleries for the NNS to continue their existence underground .	7	13	VBZ	is	are	6
NNP ( fortress ) ( or NNP NNP NNP in korean ) is a pov fork of NNP mountain city ( or NNP san NNP NNP in korean ) .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
NNP put it much more RB than i ever could , but the fact of the matter is that i would only have a conflict of interest if i put promoting the NNP above contributing towards wikipedia .	13	17	VBZ	is	are	4
the area surrounding the monument tower makes up the main central business district of the NNP district of NNP city and is the most prominent NNP in the NN of china .	1	6	VBZ	makes	make	5
the perception of NN and NN is already prevalent and increasing in the user community .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the winning party from the lower court , however , is now the NN .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
students participating in the french NN program attend NNP secondary school , windsor secondary school , NNP park elementary school , or dorothy NNP elementary school .	0	7	VBP	attend	attends	7
one example of an island formed by a salt dome is NNP island in louisiana .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
as can be seen now , the typical NNP diagram in figure 1 uses a JJ representing a partially VBN feed .	9	13	VBZ	uses	use	4
an understanding of the term JJ ratio is vital to understand the mechanics of any NN system regardless of the exact type used .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
hearing loss with JJ NNS is a common occurrence .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
thousands of rock NNS VBP ships , most probably representing JJ NN built NNS for warfare , fishing , and trade .	0	4	VBP	depict	depicts	4
in the NNP article , the first part of the article appears at the bottom of the page , as do all the NNP links .	7	11	VBZ	appears	appear	4
application of the rule of the shorter term is such a discrimination , as it results in granting domestic authors longer copyright terms for their works than foreign authors from other eu countries .	0	8	VBZ	is	are	8
the systematic name of this enzyme class is JJ , JJ NN .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
variations of the show include NNP squares and hip hop squares .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
currently the highest VBN legal tender NN issued by the central bank is 100 , 000 NNS ( about u .	6	12	VBZ	is	are	6
some art highlights from that period include viking glory a 96 page graphic novel for dc comics , legend of NNP hollow for NNP publishing and NNP a horror story JJ and painted for NNP publishing .	2	6	VBP	include	includes	4
on this view , a society can easily be thought of as an NN , the parts functioning together as do the parts of a body .	16	20	VBP	do	does	4
in the short story the meaning of the act NNP explains to NNS that the secret of his success is to `` take a drink with anyone , and pick your NNS where you find PRP '' .	15	19	VBZ	is	are	4
the name of the square is , `` the derek NNP square .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
surgical specialists who commonly treat specific aspects of facial trauma are oral and JJ NNS .	1	10	VBP	are	is	9
the NNP global scholars program ( NNP ) is a program of global learning , study and service abroad .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
similar to the classic card game war , the player with the higher number wins the battle .	9	14	VBZ	wins	win	5
the current director of the museum is dr .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
our article on the tests is kind of a mess in terms of different tables and all .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
per npov , these two significant issues must be treated in one article , and the reliable sources on this subject are abundant and JJ to do so .	17	21	VBP	are	is	4
the route , which is long , is a JJ freeway for its entire length .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
first , the genetic structure of the strain is quite different from other NN variants .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
another place where NN imagery is produced by NNS is the laser NN , where a small rotating mirror is used to VB a VBN laser beam in one axis while the motion of the NN provides the motion in the other axis .	32	36	VBZ	provides	provide	4
the long stretch of empty beach serves not only as NN for NNS and NNS but also as a NN for beach NNS .	2	6	VBZ	serves	serve	4
this theory , originally introduced by eric NNP , NNP li , and charles NNP , argues that nations with a high level of capital NN are able to avoid conflict with each other and maintain a lasting peace .	1	16	VBZ	argues	argue	15
as a result of this active transport , JJ concentration inside JJ cells of JJ tissue is 20 to 50 times higher than in the plasma .	9	16	VBZ	is	are	7
the earliest JJ jewish chronicle preserved in the hebrew language , the NNP NNP NNP , compiled by jose ben NNP in 160 ad , dates the creation of the world to CD bc while the later NNP NNP NNP to CD bc .	4	25	VBZ	dates	date	21
evidence favour of an intact NNP deposit comes from analysis of rare earth elements ( NNP ) in the NN bones .	1	7	VBZ	comes	come	6
however his attempts to get into more episodes end with someone ( mostly NNP ) telling him to shut up .	2	8	VBP	end	ends	6
the predicted sizes of NN and JJ planets are similar within a few per cent , which makes it difficult to interpret the interior composition of NNS based on measured JJ masses and NN .	2	8	VBP	are	is	6
this movie that came out in 1977 seems to be clearly inspired by the english classic that released a year before .	1	7	VBZ	seems	seem	6
it is an unfortunate fact , '' martin wrote to NNP , `` that any hostile criticism of the present russian regime is JJ to be taken as propaganda against socialism .	16	22	VBZ	is	are	6
people associated with NNP include the JJ john NNP , the NN lord randolph churchill , the poet t .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
for the purposes of wikipedia , some publications , including many scientific papers , are partly a primary source and partly secondary .	7	14	VBP	are	is	7
the implications of such selection are clearly that , though much has VBN , much deserves to remain .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
in rock physics and NNS , the NN line , also called NNP 's equation or NNP 's relation , is an JJ linear relation between JJ NNP velocity and NNP velocity in JJ JJ rocks ( i .	14	20	VBZ	is	are	6
the JJ NN package also VBZ the average JJ cycle , though the JJ events during a NN cycle are significantly different from those of a normal JJ JJ cycle .	14	19	VBP	are	is	5
these periodic visual NNS ( NNP ) occur at a frequency dependent upon the level of threat to the environment , the security classification of the data , and the access control to the area .	3	7	VBP	occur	occurs	4
the use of the common names `` frog '' and `` NN '' has no JJ justification .	1	13	VBZ	has	have	12
the formal flower and JJ garden leads RB into the woodland garden , and provides a fine setting for the JJ JJ garden and NN , created in the 1960s by the countess of NNP and peter NNP .	2	6	VBZ	leads	lead	4
in particular in france the modern order of mutual benefit , in its NNP version , becomes republican and JJ if not always clearly JJ .	6	16	VBZ	becomes	become	10
the young man still trying to find a place in the corporate world puts up an innocent NN to a young girl he chances upon .	2	13	VBZ	puts	put	11
the amount of development along the overlap remains low until the highway crosses the NNP NNP west shore subdivision , at which point the fields that had surrounded the route are replaced with homes and businesses .	1	7	VBZ	remains	remain	6
other NNS of the code include JJ , JJ final NNS .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
in software development , the core of the NN is the JJ team .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
however our article on the subject is at 2012 phenomenon .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the site of the NNP junction rail crash of 1910 is near to the station which was originally known as NNP junction , as it was the junction of a branch line to .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
the section of the NNP from NNP to springs is a dual NN and is a national toll route .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
it is a form NN created for JJ fruits whose precise assignment to a genus is not possible .	11	15	VBZ	is	are	4
the NNS of the owners of the organization regarding this article are not at all relevant .	1	11	VBP	are	is	10
the albanian diplomatic mission to the united nations educational , scientific and cultural organization ( unesco ) consists of the embassy located in paris .	3	17	VBZ	consists	consist	14
the NN in its current incarnation is a NN , with NN , NN , and VB all NN from NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
NNS of fiction from african-american writers are eligible .	0	6	VBP	are	is	6
but the current content of quantum theory looks rather weak .	3	7	VBZ	looks	look	4
probably the most important responsibility of married women is the management of their children 's education .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
an iranian actor named NNP who is trying to be a serious actor instead of the NN everyone considers him to be .	2	18	VBZ	considers	consider	16
places along its banks include NNP , NNP , NNP , the hague and NNP .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
NNP NNP `` mountains of hawks '' are `` arms '' , a reference to the sport of NN .	3	7	VBP	are	is	4
bet 's former JJ program `` bet NNP '' often featured explicit music videos that RB would not have been shown during the day , and many contain partial NN .	13	27	VBP	contain	contains	14
the player , assuming the role of `` the master '' ( `` god '' in the japanese version ) , controls a floating palace to VB the people of the world below .	1	21	VBZ	controls	control	20
early NNS and NN NNS bear fruit even where nights are cool , which usually VBZ fruit set .	1	5	VBP	bear	bears	4
fourth , magazine articles containing statements of george lucas are not primary sources , because they were not written by lucas , but by somebody else who , presumably , did some fact checking and such .	3	9	VBP	are	is	6
professor IN the NN school instructor is about to teach his students `` how to stuff a NN in one easy NN .	0	6	VBZ	is	are	6
examples of purely JJ literature are the works of NNP NNP and NNP NNP , who spoke only NNP , and the NNS and NNS of NNP NNP , who chose to write only in NNP .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
common causes of head injury are motor vehicle traffic NNS , home and JJ accidents , falls , and NNS .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
fair use for image in the new NNP and phillip movie IN this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	14	VBZ	is	are	13
however , the JJ injury he VBD during changes has not permanently VBN and he continues to have use of his legs only as long as he possesses the NN of the winter knight .	4	9	VBZ	has	have	5
note that NNS are cut on the bias ( RB ) , so the stripes on the source cloth are parallel or JJ to the NN , not JJ .	14	19	VBP	are	is	5
the ruins of the old reagan county courthouse are still visible just off texas state highway CD , between big lake and texas state highway CD .	1	8	VBP	are	is	7
the point about fully professional or not is not the only case i made .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the song `` eight million strong '' appears on NNP ; the version on NNP is a remix .	1	7	VBZ	appears	appear	6
remaining sources include links to JJ recordings of the station , a picture of the station ( which do not themselves give an indication of notability ) , and a book whose mention of the station seems to only be a JJ mention .	32	36	VBZ	seems	seem	4
the NN is constructed from smooth paths in u , and it can be shown that the JJ class of the NN depends only on the choice of a JJ class of paths from b to 0 .	18	22	VBZ	depends	depend	4
a VBN bicycle , NN , NN , or NN is a bicycle with an attached motor and transmission used either to power the vehicle JJ , or to assist with NN .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
four times a week there are live classes broadcast from the NN .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the title story of the robot dreams collection VBZ NNP , or `` NNP '' , a robot who enters a state of NN and dreams thanks to the unusual JJ construction of his JJ brain .	2	8	VBZ	portrays	portray	6
animals of various species live RB on an JJ archipelago called the NNP .	0	4	VBP	live	lives	4
the awards they have won are n't just `` some awards .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
a signature of some disney musical films is their songs ' use of nonsense words , the longest and most famous of which is from mary NNP , entitled `` JJ '' .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
a condition in south africa is a term that VBZ a JJ NN so as to make its operation and consequences dependent on some uncertain future event .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
lists such as these are integral parts of a film encyclopedia , which is part of what wikipedia is trying to be .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
fair use in NNP park iii ( film score ) though this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	13	VBZ	is	are	12
NNP 's best friends and allies in his adventures are his NN NNP NNP and professor NNP .	3	9	VBP	are	is	6
the policies of notability and verifiability apply to every single article on wikipedia , and unless they can be met ( i .	1	6	VBP	apply	applies	5
the tricks NNP improved upon are JJ , but his signature pieces include NNS with love , and oil and water without NNP .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
for these new users , the method by which we move pages is completely unclear , and there is nothing obvious indicating how they should do it .	6	12	VBZ	is	are	6
NN NNS are accepted , but those NNS who need a NN to enter the NNP area need a NN NN to visit NNP , because entering NNP means leaving the NNP area .	7	17	VBP	need	needs	10
it is unfortunate that the only way to get you to communicate properly is to block your bot for several days .	6	13	VBZ	is	are	7
the site occupied by the current science building is on the location of the original high school main building , built by w .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
film NNS of a number of JJ novels capture the JJ sense of NN VBN by NNP and NNP .	1	8	VBP	capture	captures	7
the case for canada 's oil sands is a book written by canadian lawyer , NN host and NN NNP NNP , which makes a case for VBG the NNP oil sands and its sister projects in alberta .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the breakdown voltage of a NN is the minimum reverse voltage to make the NN conduct in reverse .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
NNS of a troubled NNP the writers who claim NNP as a strong influence are chuck NNP , author of fight club and NNP NNP iii , author of house of sand and NNP .	0	14	VBP	are	is	14
also , NNP 's chief executive , david richards , has experience as a formula one team principal '' .	5	10	VBZ	has	have	5
the villages within this municipality include NNP NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
the streams of NNP creek , long branch and taylor branch run through this township .	1	11	VBP	run	runs	10
a few steam locomotives , however , operate still from NNP .	3	7	VBP	operate	operates	4
the officers of this NN are responsible to maintain the assets of the electrical department in indian railways .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
social worker , NNP , VBZ to move the family to an JJ neighbourhood hoping that the change in social environment will have a positive effect on the problematic family .	1	5	VBZ	proposes	propose	4
as the mass being VBN per year is a only small fraction of the total mass of the earth , it is fair to say that the earth is close to being a closed system .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
there is already a healthy class of VBG users who do VBG and NN ; the only new thing this proposal introduces is the power for arbcom members to VB extra status on users in their interest .	18	22	VBZ	is	are	4
whilst lack of google hits in itself is not JJ , for a notable computer simulation , which by the refs is around 5 years old , to have no online presence is highly unlikely .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
she grants his prayer , and the statue , NNP , has a daughter with him , NNP .	7	11	VBZ	has	have	4
NNS of love , little NNS and long letters make for a JJ plot , full of observations about the psychology of women that are still valid .	0	9	VBP	make	makes	9
wikiproject canada , while a good place for discussion , RB needs to VB or VB its child projects .	6	11	VBZ	needs	need	5
it is hard to see why a small valley in austria with a JJ name that is not mentioned in the german wikipedia is notable enough for us to include .	8	23	VBZ	is	are	15
dry streams and some small flowing streams exist throughout the NNP .	1	7	VBP	exist	exists	6
at an JJ sales meeting watson interrupted , saying the trouble with everyone of us is that we do n't think enough .	10	15	VBZ	is	are	5
isbn CD some NNP programs that benefit native americans are the job corps , neighborhood youth corps , operation NNP , vista , legal services and the community action programs .	4	9	VBP	are	is	5
possible complications of acute JJ NN include JJ failure and JJ NN .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
NNP theorem , by , uses the NNP characteristic to show that such a NN must always exist .	1	5	VBZ	uses	use	4
one language being VBN into modern english and another into NN NN NNP is not what i was meaning either .	1	13	VBZ	is	are	12
the only issue i see here is that the act of NN itself could be seen as introducing original research into the article .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
a JJ dictionary definition of NN , due to the NN NN , is sexual or romantic attraction to two NNS ( males and females ) , or to two NNS ( men and women ) .	3	13	VBZ	is	are	10
the european history is well known in general , but some parts about the NNPS , RB bosnia and herzegovina are not .	11	20	VBP	are	is	9
a page on NNP , complex iii of electron transport chain , contains JJ JJ structures of complex iii which may be used to study the JJ structures of complex iii and the mechanism of the q cycle .	1	12	VBZ	contains	contain	11
hospital for special surgery ( NNP ) is a hospital in new york city that specializes in JJ surgery and the treatment of NN conditions .	0	7	VBZ	is	are	7
some are brick or wooden NNS , but on most modern walls , the material most often used is a thick NN board with holes VBN into it .	14	18	VBZ	is	are	4
JJR NNS ( VBN personal NNS , with charges VBN at a low level ) are a form of pension arrangement designed to be easily JJ and available .	5	15	VBP	are	is	10
the reason that NNS are to be avoided is that when you have a template which calls many other templates that is used on many pages updates to the template can cause significant server load .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
NNP entered a long decline while the islands in the NNP that NNP controlled earlier seem to have become independent .	7	15	VBP	seem	seems	8
the yield of NN in 2004 is 87 , CD tons .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the bombers and fighters combined claim 37 german aircraft shot down , six probably shot down , and 20 damaged .	1	5	VBP	claim	claims	4
the other type of JJ information is moral NN which VBZ from the lack of information about the JJ behavior of the NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP series articles for this topic , which is comprised of one series article , ten game articles , one media list , and one character article , of which only three are fa , and three more are ga .	2	38	VBP	are	is	36
the influence of the NNP school is evident in these NNS .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
NNS made by soil NNS ( these also break up the NN form ) allow the depth of the water to be read by the visitor to the site .	0	8	VBP	break	breaks	8
in NNP cells , the addition of an NNP NN or an NNP NN in excess dramatically increases the rate of NNP NN .	5	17	VBZ	increases	increase	12
rows of passenger seats and low coffee tables fill the inner NNS .	0	8	VBP	fill	fills	8
the goal of each stage is to plant all of the bombs before their collective NN goes off .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
containing over 1500 articles about the history of NNP , the society 's JJ journal , the NNP local historian , is the major historical resource for the town and has been published quarterly since its inception in 1970 .	14	21	VBZ	is	are	7
other important NNS developed in the last three decades include feminist therapy , brief therapy , NNP psychology , NNP therapy , applied positive psychology and the human NNP approach which is building on the best of what has gone before .	2	9	VBP	include	includes	7
the trade body for foundation NNS and NNS VBG to ft status is the foundation trust network ( NNP ) .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
in JJ mathematics , a NNP NN of order k is a NN of the NN 1 , 1 , 2 , 2 , .	6	10	VBZ	is	are	4
distribution of this NNP grass species is widespread including the eastern and western NNS of north america , parts of south america , and NNP .	0	6	VBZ	is	are	6
certainly if half of what is claimed is true there should be more out there .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the boy she likes only uses her for sex and other teenage girls VBP her RB .	1	5	VBZ	uses	use	4
in a democracy , the only thing that is secret is the ballot .	6	10	VBZ	is	are	4
the reason for wanting a less steep analog JJ filter is that the digital filter is not subject to any component variations thus always giving the filter response ( VBG function ) that the designer has chosen .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
your NN against the artists is JJ .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the surface charge of the NN plays an important role in NN consistency .	2	6	VBZ	plays	play	4
SYM - contract with the silver tribe contains 4 NNS .	2	7	VBZ	contains	contain	5
use of the term has since rapidly spread around the world , particularly among academics , to identify moving image and sound work by visual artists - a popular development VBG only RB recently in the mid to late twentieth century .	0	4	VBZ	has	have	4
a google web search and google books search shows that no reliable source makes any reference to this NN ' .	3	8	VBZ	shows	show	5
the following list of specific uses is far from comprehensive .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
a staff of three JJ volunteers manages and VBZ the list .	1	6	VBZ	manages	manage	5
the college 's website given on this page has nothing .	1	8	VBZ	has	have	7
i do n't think this sort of NN and NN that is generated by the festival of light does anything to further this move .	5	18	VBZ	does	do	13
the demand for ethnic foods in the united states reflects the nation 's changing diversity as well as its development over time .	1	9	VBZ	reflects	reflect	8
work by a staff writer on a site with editors and the like is also likely reliable .	0	13	VBZ	is	are	13
the discovery of an JJ egyptian tomb of this significance is a very rare occurrence .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
dna sequences or organic compounds such as proteins are the result of atoms RB combining to form more complex structures .	1	8	VBP	are	is	7
the picture you put in place there is totally JJ , so i combined the 2 in what i consider the best option .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the current head coach of the NNP is jason NNP , who was hired on april 21 , 2010 .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the tour of the NNP des nations - built in the 1930s for the league of nations - includes meeting rooms such as the assembly hall , the human rights and alliance of NNP room , the NNP des NNP NNP , the council chamber .	1	18	VBZ	includes	include	17
one way to use the JJ NN is to first discover all the frequent items in a JJ fashion .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
in particular , JJ JJ relevant ideals of k [ v ] are JJ with lines through the origin of v .	6	12	VBP	are	is	6
though officially VBN , the northwestern portion of the span is a popular platform for bridge diving and jumping into the water below '' bridge jumping VBN on cape NNP '' , cbc news , july 22 , 2003 .	6	10	VBZ	is	are	4
the cooperative education department at bear creek offers a NN of placement opportunities for students .	3	7	VBZ	offers	offer	4
i do n't see how the claim that `` all NNS are either NNS or NNS '' is important to the article .	6	17	VBZ	is	are	11
the idea for a NN festival was originally started by nato ( north american NNP organization ) at mad river glen in vermont and organizations such as net ( new england NNP ) and others now run festivals all around the u .	24	36	VBP	run	runs	12
the final movement , the last verse of the NN `` NNP NN NNP JJ NN '' ( when my hour is come ) by NNP herman , VBZ the desire to die , to follow jesus in NN .	2	28	VBZ	expresses	express	26
his daughter , NNP , is a NN at NNP 's establishment , and is VBN by her favourite client , NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the subject of the bio seems to VB some of the statements made in regard to her ( despite appearing in reliable sources ) - i propose deletion of this bio as a solution .	1	5	VBZ	seems	seem	4
creation date of this NN is unknown , even the creator itself does n't remember .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
following her rescue , there remains a close and JJ friendship with the two , most notably when NNP arrives to his hotel room for comfort following her father 's arrest and her sad NN when she believes cooper is leaving twin peaks for good .	7	19	VBZ	arrives	arrive	12
west of the south NN ( 1830 ) half of an NN CD NN is still visible .	8	14	VBZ	is	are	6
indigenous politician in NNP , most of her article appears to be copyvio [ 2 ] .	1	9	VBZ	appears	appear	8
today , JJ steel tracks and NN wheels allow NNS to travel over , while even NN , faster , and more complex roller NNS continue to be built .	4	8	VBP	allow	allows	4
there is absolutely no reason to suspect sock NN here ; the edits from both users look substantially different .	12	16	VBP	look	looks	4
the centre of NNP village has a bowling green .	1	5	VBZ	has	have	4
new evidence found by members of the public in response to the appeal appears in the oxford english dictionary .	1	13	VBZ	appears	appear	12
the general idea behind green echo 's music is solely based on NN and NNS .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
a RB concrete structure , the lighthouse VBZ on a stone foundation .	3	7	VBZ	rests	rest	4
other sources that you provided are JJ and radical sources .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
such an observation led him to the conclusion that neither NNS nor NNS , located in the outer NN , are necessary for JJ NN and that a third class of NN exists in the JJ eye .	10	20	VBP	are	is	10
the bordered box around the translation makes it JJ even in NN .	2	6	VBZ	makes	make	4
for example , the JJ rules that VBP lgbt clergy in some NNS come from interpretation of the epic NNP .	5	13	VBP	come	comes	8
because of the arrangement of the mountain ranges VBG the NNS , the upper end of NNP inlet is only about from the nearest waters of knight inlet , but much RBR from NNP inlet .	14	18	VBZ	is	are	4
the only person who could VB on whether he considered his NN to be primarily english or british is tony scott himself and RB he is no longer with us so we will never know .	2	18	VBZ	is	are	16
portrait of NNP NNP is an oil painting by italian artist NNP .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
the page , nick NNP , needs to go back through drv before it can go back live .	1	6	VBZ	needs	need	5
the biggest advantage in using NN in NNP is that NN does not leave any JJ chemical like NN leaves or NN leaves .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the NNP version of the game is also a beat PRP up game , but closer in style and gameplay to the double dragon series .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
their new name in chinese , NN ( NNP ) , is a NN to their new home county .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
as for the question whether my statement about his past behavior is correct or not , i might be wrong about that and i maybe confused NNP with one other user .	6	11	VBZ	is	are	5
the subjective assertion of NN advanced by editors supporting deletion is insufficient to VB this NN .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
the components known as serial attached NNP NNP ( NNP NNP ) facilitate communication between large numbers of NNP devices .	1	12	VBP	facilitate	facilitates	11
the phrase `` god helps those who help themselves '' is a popular motto that VBZ the importance of JJ .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
he is among the NNS and loved ones attacked by the legion of doom , a similar character named howard NNP appears in the squadron supreme series as the aged husband of power princess ( taking the NN age difference even further ) .	17	21	VBZ	appears	appear	4
newer JJ NNS with the same mechanism of action include NN , NN and NN .	2	9	VBP	include	includes	7
dragons , NNS , NNS and giants are just some of the exotic residents of this world .	0	7	VBP	are	is	7
it is up to the editors of articles to determine , through careful examination of the sources , how notable the views of these parties are and whether they are relevant to articles on scientific matters .	21	25	VBP	are	is	4
the article you are looking for is NN .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
response times of well under one second are common , and are required by many JJ test cycles .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
these members in VBG JJ order are the NNP , the NNP , the morgan trail , the camp run , the NNP creek and the NNP .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
NNS around the ears and head are also common .	0	6	VBP	are	is	6
figures such as NNP and NNP are thunder gods who now interact with NNP and NNP , whose ritual sacrifice and NN , bearing testament to his JJ roots , were still enacted in classical greece .	0	6	VBP	are	is	6
NNP systems that make use of wireless communications link have a much larger attack surface and can be subject to various types of VBG including NN of the communications network and VBG with safety critical messages that , in the worst case , could result in a safety NN .	1	8	VBP	link	links	7
a JJ assumption or JJ assumption is an assumption that includes the underlying agreements or statements made in the development of a logical argument , course of action , decision , or judgment that are not explicitly voiced nor necessarily understood by the decision maker or judge .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
other songs that were used in NNS and NNS such as `` NNP '' by massive attack and `` JJ soul '' by NNP also are n't present on the soundtrack .	1	25	VBP	are	is	24
NNS , NNS of NNS are also available for common NNP .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
perhaps the most JJ weight loss benefit from drinking large quantities of water , at any NN , is that this will VB your NN and make you less likely to drink JJ soft drinks , fruit NNS , milk , etc .	6	18	VBZ	is	are	12
the NNS and the JJ plateau , as well as the course of the rio grande , are the result of spreading along the rio grande NN , that VBZ JJ from colorado to mexico .	1	17	VBP	are	is	16
then again , in large companies nobody may even notice that a new employee from a merger is a formerly fired employee .	13	17	VBZ	is	are	4
a second man , NNP NNP , arrives to view the apartment and shows an instant NN with the princess .	2	7	VBZ	arrives	arrive	5
the rise of JJ NNS , NNP , leads to a decline in popularity for american folk music , JJ NN NNS and other fields of music .	1	8	VBZ	leads	lead	7
a chance to prove reality of the community is more than enough , and for that matter , if NNP turns out to be a hotel , NN or NNS crash space , well .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
if the very last page of the log file is only partially filled with data and has to be written to permanent storage in this state , the very same page will have to be VBN during the next write operation .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
granted comments like the ones shown have the potential to drive good users out .	1	6	VBP	have	has	5
the new , RB inclined surface of the tomb derives from a rectangular base , which is aligned by the four cardinal directions of the NN .	5	9	VBZ	derives	derive	4
the witnesses are called to share their memories of the murder night and one after the other they do .	7	18	VBP	do	does	11
while NNP works on an NN to the NN , joshua VBZ to VB , but the revelation of his NN of NNP 's memory leads NNP to VB her love of him shortly before she realizes her pregnancy .	17	25	VBZ	leads	lead	8
a small mound of NN and silk covers the entrance hole .	2	7	VBZ	covers	cover	5
notable monuments elsewhere in the city include the alan NNP memorial in NNP park VBG the father of modern computing .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
notable speakers previously hosted by the forum include former president george w .	1	7	VBP	include	includes	6
the diet of the fish is rich in NNS such as the NN NNP NN , as well as NNS and NNS , and it is known to prey on juvenile blue NN ( NNP NNP ) and VB NNS ( NNP NN ) .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
some versions of the NNS describe them as spirits who had died JJ or JJ , or had VBN themselves following an JJ love .	1	5	VBP	describe	describes	4
it has been VBN that the VBN figure in the background at the far right is a NN of NNP as joseph of NNP .	7	15	VBZ	is	are	8
i agree that the external link in the signature is RB not ok .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
the ram NNS and the NNP NNS are parallel to each other .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
behavior - the basic function of a network is to evaluate the truth of its NN .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
a main academic practice by all NNP students is service learning .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
to the west , in the winter time , the highest mountains of NNP experience lake effect NN when the winds turn from the NNP .	11	21	VBP	turn	turns	10
half of the farm is commercial irrigation land , the other half is allocated to 82 JJ farmers .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
variations of this NN process include VBG the arms one above the other across the NN or crossing the arms to form an `` x '' shape across the chest .	0	5	VBP	include	includes	5
advocates of VBG indian point include current and former new york city NNS michael NNP and NNP w .	0	5	VBP	include	includes	5
the song `` NNP '' is the death metal parody of the pop hit `` NNP '' .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
numerous NNS for the treatment of NN are available , but JJ evidence for the NN of these strategies is limited .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
however , lots of new editors get over the initial shock of having their articles rejected , and gradually learn the RB complex rules .	2	6	VBP	get	gets	4
the tone of the story is both sad and sweet .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
this started him thinking about what the subjective experience of an NN is like .	8	12	VBZ	is	are	4
as a recent college graduate , JJ NN , and son of a NN hero , NNP begins to experience increasingly JJ thinking , JJ thoughts , and physical NN .	7	17	VBZ	begins	begin	10
it is one of the species to which the agreement on the conservation of JJ NNP NNP applies .	9	17	VBZ	applies	apply	8
donald is standing near the cliff , and the explosion of the NN causes a large part of the cliff to fall away , and donald falls into the water a second time , VBG as he does .	9	13	VBZ	causes	cause	4
no evidence that the company described in this article exists .	1	9	VBZ	exists	exist	8
it should be noted that former JJ government schools ( commonly referred to by the defunct term `` model c '' ) are , in fact , government schools .	8	22	VBP	are	is	14
after the frame is removed by VBG , the old version of the image ( which is not legal to VB ) is RB JJ , while leaving the NN username and upload date intact .	10	22	VBZ	is	are	12
year of the dragon is a new york crime drama and an exploration of NNS , the illegal drug trade , ethnicity , racism , and NNS .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
the main hall of the convention center is the largest in all of NNP prefecture .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
one way to gain such an ability is by learning JJ methods .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
NNP VBD up that , `` with NNP ( a soviet satellite ) , other four satellites one each from [ pakistan ] , malaysia , morocco and the united states are to be mounted on the bigger russian rocket .	16	31	VBP	are	is	15
the NNP class of survey ships is a series of eight vessels built by garden reach NNPS and engineers ( NNP ) , kolkata and NNP shipyard , ltd .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP ( short vowel marks ) the , which literally means NNS ' , are the short vowel marks .	4	14	VBP	are	is	10
the NNP as essentially JJ NNS and historians , most notably , until his death in 1986 , NNP , maintain that none of the events in homer 's works are historical .	5	20	VBP	maintain	maintains	15
research shows that members of racial and ethnicity minority groups drop out at higher rates than white students , as do individuals who have a low JJ status , come from a JJ household or whose parents did not complete high school .	3	10	VBP	drop	drops	7
notable prizes for the 2012 competition include the right to make a pitch before NNP capital ventures , VBG by NNP executives , and an invitation to VB in a JJ program at university of toronto NNP school of management NNP centre of excellence .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
maybe the most important contribution to the modern cuban guitar technique and repertoire comes from leo NNP ( b .	4	13	VBZ	comes	come	9
parks and NN located there include sue NNP park ; justin herman plaza , which is the current location of the city 's new year 's NNS , and NNP NNP park .	0	5	VBP	include	includes	5
the term `` senior high school '' or just `` high school '' generally means `` secondary school '' .	5	14	VBZ	means	mean	9
in november 1824 , the state congress , provided that the people of NNP NN have title of town and also became the head of department and including NNP NNP el NNP .	11	15	VBP	have	has	4
notable databases and tools that the group has developed include the database of NNP NNP , which VBZ JJ JJ change ; NNS , which VBZ block variants in the NN .	1	9	VBP	include	includes	8
i believe the comment that tom made is correct .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
humor magazines are an important part of finnish NNP night , and students in NNS selling them are a common sight in university cities in finland in late april .	12	17	VBP	are	is	5
riders in this section are mainly able to walk without support , with moderate NN on one side of the body , moderate NN in all four NNS or severe arm NN .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
length of show and number of characters does not equal character importance .	0	7	VBZ	does	do	7
another key factor in the field of islamic ethics is the belief that NN has been granted the faculty to VB god 's will and to VB by it .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
when a national flag is used , the left side of the aircraft is often the back side of the flag as it is normally flown .	9	13	VBZ	is	are	4
current ref 38 ( stephen thomas NNP ) has its publisher in the link title , it should be listed separately .	1	8	VBZ	has	have	7
i think the issue of how do we keep from having a vfd for every street in the world is best addressed by being more specific on the information we provide new users when they are curious about starting articles .	3	19	VBZ	is	are	16
this NN from chapter 11 of shirley is her description of NNP hall .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
god finds NN in the soul but not in the body , as the soul resembles the JJ soul , whereas the body is not worthy to be allied to the JJ NNS , although the image of the body is part of the JJ NN .	36	40	VBZ	is	are	4
with relations to VB , a NN in NNP a leads to VB NN .	6	10	VBZ	leads	lead	4
as of 2007 , banking in india is generally mature in terms of supply , product range and NN , though reach in rural india still remains a challenge for the private sector and foreign banks .	21	26	VBZ	remains	remain	5
the NNP survey maps of the mid 19th century indicate that the area was farming land NN of marsh , NN , or NN , however the area in 2010 is as stated above .	3	9	VBP	indicate	indicates	6
some students from NNP also choose to attend NNP high school of the NNP school district .	1	5	VBP	choose	chooses	4
also , one document , the `` JJ buildings '' of or and NNP document , provides NN of design work of this one group as opposed to that of other forest service regional offices .	3	16	VBZ	provides	provide	13
for the main reason being that most readers and editors especially have no idea that an article has `` special rules '' .	7	11	VBP	have	has	4
it also creates the impression that songs played by picking NNS are fast even when they 're not .	6	11	VBP	are	is	5
individual development , even of highly JJ traits , such as eye color , depends on a range of environmental factors , from the other genes in the NN , to physical variables such as temperature , oxygen levels etc .	1	14	VBZ	depends	depend	13
the origin of the JJ association remains uncertain .	1	6	VBZ	remains	remain	5
the NNS , young leaves , young NNS and young NNS are JJ .	1	11	VBP	are	is	10
the only linear functions which are periodic are NNS , which you rule out , so no .	3	7	VBP	are	is	4
a typical NN in the region is the NN , which is obtained by combining NNS ( the milk of a soft NN ) with the famous grape NN called NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
what the state of the evidence actually is ( avoiding NN ) .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the only case i have ever observed this is for 3rr .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the us mason 's manual notes , `` a JJ body can not by its own act or rule require a NNS vote to take any action where the constitution or controlling authority requires only a majority vote .	29	33	VBZ	requires	require	4
hence the abortion debate here in the us - which ( from a scientific perspective ) is a completely JJ argument because it is entirely about the meaning of a word that has no meaning in this realm of existence .	3	16	VBZ	is	are	13
the company , now a part of NNP group , operates as equity office management , llc .	1	10	VBZ	operates	operate	9
thomas reveals that the reason he has helped harry is that they are half brothers , sharing the same mother .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
foreign missionaries representing numerous religious groups continue to VB in the country .	1	6	VBP	continue	continues	5
NNS in any of these genes prevent the proper production or assembly of the type iv NN network , which is an important structural component of basement NNS in the NN , inner ear , and eye .	0	6	VBP	prevent	prevents	6
the third order NN in the NN then connects to the JJ NN of the JJ NN .	3	8	VBZ	connects	connect	5
in 1883 the mansion house of gabriel chase in NNP near london is under the control of the mysterious NNP samuel smith , who has VBN the NNS via some form of NN .	4	12	VBZ	is	are	8
the tallest building in downtown jacksonville 's NN is the bank of america tower , constructed in 1990 as the NNP center .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
for then the NNS , being large and RB , are hard , the NNS that once were soft are rough and covered with NNS , and the JJ NNS are as it were VBN with NNS .	3	10	VBP	are	is	7
largely a NN cooking contest , funds from the event benefit the maintenance and operation of the museum .	6	10	VBP	benefit	benefits	4
bus routes that go through NNP are the number CD and CD .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
another agent which can be applied either RB or taken by mouth is JJ ( trade name NNP ) ) , an JJ .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
the other high schools in the city are harbour view high school , st .	3	7	VBP	are	is	4
the function of these NNS is unknown .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
other local rivers VBG the town are the river NNP and the river NNP .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the JJ NNS ( diamonds , NNS , NNS ) belong to the familiar tiny NN designs seen in many NNP NNS .	2	10	VBP	belong	belongs	8
NNP machines in NNS in the uk , however , are not a threat to children , as children in NNS are constantly being VBN either by parents , staff , or other NNS .	1	10	VBP	are	is	9
the CD JJ NNP hiking trail , which follows the NNP mountain range , starts ( or ends ) at the NNP NNP ( consisting of a railway station of the same name and the NNP youth NNP ) ( NN .	5	14	VBZ	starts	start	9
her eldest great grandson , son of NNP NNP , NNP NNP , is a member of uttar pradesh NNP NNP from the NNP constituency .	3	13	VBZ	is	are	10
on earth , one way that is done is through the interaction between animals and plants , with the animals getting energy out of NN of carbon and the plants using energy from the sun to reverse that .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
the dimensions of the flag are 2 .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the last remaining operating system distribution to use it is NNP , which still ships some platforms with 4 .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
related matrix operations two related matrix operations are the JJ and NNP products which operate on VBN NNS .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
the northern half of the town VBZ into lake NNP , which in turns VBZ west via the sugar river into the connecticut river and NN to long island sound .	2	6	VBZ	drains	drain	4
the VBG face of the staff god is another NN that VBZ explanation .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
for your information , NNP is ( or was ) leader of NNP NN , now a banned slovak JJ political party ( now it is an association ) .	21	25	VBZ	is	are	4
the idea , really , is to allow NNS to be written with purely JJ NN , VBN after the fact with NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
three rectangular NNS , containing NNS , rise parallel to the central shaft .	2	7	VBP	rise	rises	5
a ridge on the NN is also present in NNP that runs across its entire length on one side .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
medical services available in city are , rural health center NNP , NNP JJ , e .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the front entry of the mansion features a pair of VBN NN doors with windows , JJ panels , and brass NN in the shape of a dog 's head .	2	6	VBZ	features	feature	4
house seat , and 3 ) controversy VBG from position on iraq war ; article seems like a vanity page .	1	15	VBZ	seems	seem	14
the general theory of standard NNP spaces contains very strong results about JJ JJ spaces , see NNP 's theorem .	2	7	VBZ	contains	contain	5
NNP was originally made with horse meat but today it is almost always made with beef the town of NNP , germany has a long horse NN tradition , and NN is one of its JJ NNS .	17	22	VBZ	has	have	5
the energy of a JJ boundary is dependent on the degree of NN between the neighbouring VBZ up to the transition to JJ status .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
a tribute to black flag is a tribute album to the defunct american hardcore punk band black flag .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
his JJ stories about NNP the dog , published by NNP books , are humorous and NN .	2	13	VBP	are	is	11
fair use in NNP cruz ( film ) though this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
the characteristic feature of the chapman NN is a long JJ NN combining a NN spring and shock NN , with a JJ drive shaft itself forming the lower link of the suspension .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the females , however , are smaller than the males and wear an NN NN , showing no arms or tail .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
in addition to blake 's notes on the painting , a letter written to NNP NNP provides a description of the various images within an earlier design of the last judgment .	11	16	VBZ	provides	provide	5
the JJ shape of NNP town limits results in numerous municipal boundaries .	2	6	VBZ	limits	limit	4
examples of problems which have been addressed by atmospheric chemistry include acid rain , JJ NN and global warming .	0	10	VBP	include	includes	10
the image i have in my mind is that of the NNS by NN around the time of the french revolution .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
as the money supply is increased , the real stock of money NNS VBZ the NNP ' level , and thus NN on goods is increased to VB the JJ balance .	9	13	VBZ	exceeds	exceed	4
another goal of the NN is to attract the best of the best teachers to the college and to enhance development of existing teachers .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
other bodies within the solar system have extremely thin NNS not in equilibrium .	1	6	VBP	have	has	5
but the dictionary definition of a fruit is JJ for things that are RB fruits - and only difficult in JJ terms when things like NNP is considered to be a fruit .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
unreleased material ( including NN , NNS , NNS , JJ recordings ) is in general not notable ; however , it may be notable if it has significant independent coverage in reliable sources .	1	13	VBZ	is	are	12
wikipedia users , like myself , find that association extremely problematic for such a huge JJ presence .	1	6	VBP	find	finds	5
things linking to darwin , australia and port darwin are JJ to darwin , northern territory .	0	9	VBP	are	is	9
to this day , the towns of NNP and west NNP remain by far the most JJ , RB populated , and RB , RB , and NN in the west essex area .	5	11	VBP	remain	remains	6
the collections and services of the research libraries group , which consists of columbia , harvard , and yale universities and the new york public library , are also available to students .	1	27	VBP	are	is	26
shell stars , like NNP and gamma NNP , are blue NNS with irregular variations caused by their RB high speed of rotation .	1	9	VBP	are	is	8
the section of this chapter dealing with the NN of christ by NNP is RB the best known and most studied portion .	1	13	VBZ	is	are	12
in larry NNP 's short story `` NNS make me nervous '' , from NNP series , the protagonist , speaking in the future , describes his apartment as containing `` eddie jones NNS '' .	5	25	VBZ	describes	describe	20
that would be inappropriate because the topic of civil war era war democrats is RB notable since it is discussed in great detail by historians and political scientists .	6	13	VBZ	is	are	7
the house , which has two stories and an JJ , is basically rectangular with an VBG side wing extending to the west .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
NNP writes , `` so many stories ( bad ones ) end with ' .	6	11	VBP	end	ends	5
the idea which follows the presentation of the first theme is JJ in NN .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
the objective of the game is to score goals by shooting a hard JJ rubber disc , the NN , into the opponent 's goal net , which is placed at the opposite end of the NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
of more concern is the fact that the group he may represent is powerful , organised , fairly good at pr and has in the past been JJ .	8	12	VBZ	is	are	4
the NN of this NN is useful in controlled NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
he has made the claim that high rates of VBG as the ones proposed by NNP are only consistent with the JJ approach to economic NN .	7	16	VBP	are	is	9
also , people in this so-called `` southern chinese population '' do not necessarily have to be of chinese ethnicity , ancestry , etc ( just like how a lot of `` northern chinese '' are largely descended from NNP , NNP , etc etc ) .	2	11	VBP	do	does	9
the type of soccer played in NNP is mainly kick and run , where teams kick the ball as far VBP as they can from the back .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the remaining small part of east NNP ( the area around NNP NNP and NNP ) is in the NNP constituency .	3	16	VBZ	is	are	13
the main character of the game is a JJ old assistant detective for the NNP detective agency .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the section of the motorway managed by the welsh assembly government runs from the second NNP crossing to NNP abraham , NNP , connecting the cities of newport , cardiff and NNP .	1	11	VBZ	runs	run	10
the two men who help with the color guard are homosexual .	2	9	VBP	are	is	7
as i stated , chinese law should not even apply to the chinese wikipedia since i believe the servers for the chinese wikipedia are in florida not in china .	18	23	VBP	are	is	5
the NN bout between matt hughes and frank NNP for the NNP title is current president of the ufc , dana white 's favorite match of not just ufc fights , but all NNP and boxing fights in general .	2	13	VBZ	is	are	11
NNP people , also called NNP and NNP , are an ethnic group VBN in cameroon and chad .	1	9	VBP	are	is	8
the oldest church in NNP , it dates from the 13th century and named after NNP NNP or st .	2	7	VBZ	dates	date	5
NNP NN , common name the NN olive , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family NNP , the NNS .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
the themes of hindu art are almost entirely religious in nature , and the abundant and JJ world of the hindu NNS and a wealth of mythology offer an JJ source of inspiration for representation .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
on the one hand , if one editor is gone , this NN is inherently JJ .	7	13	VBZ	is	are	6
the interior of the house includes its original floor plan , NN NN , NN walls , doors , and NNS .	1	5	VBZ	includes	include	4
both sections of the park have a hiking trail .	1	5	VBP	have	has	4
a critical feature of the NNP is that instead of thinking RB about NNS between JJ integration and NN ( i .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the space colony 's NNP `` the center of gravity '' is also absent and the original song `` orbital move '' is present in its place .	17	22	VBZ	is	are	5
the inner surface of the blood vessel consists of JJ cells .	2	7	VBZ	consists	consist	5
outside this genus , the giant JJ flying fox ( NNP NN ) is the only bat with similar dimensions .	8	13	VBZ	is	are	5
parameter NN takes advantage of the fact that the distance from the source to each NN in the array is different , which means that the signal recorded by each NN will be JJ NN of each other .	9	19	VBZ	is	are	10
the rules for the handling of the flag also vary from game to game and deal mostly with the NN of the flag after a failed attempt at capturing it .	1	9	VBP	vary	varies	8
JJ structures such as living NNS and jungle NN can also be grown , and even large architectural designs such as live NNS , NNS , NNS , tunnels , and RB entire homes are possible with careful planning , VBG , and VBG over time .	18	34	VBP	are	is	16
the improvements to the article are JJ and professional .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
in this indian name , the name `` NNP '' is a JJ , not a family name , and the person should be referred to by the given name , `` NNP '' .	6	10	VBZ	is	are	4
if an entry in the NN vector has a high value , then the corresponding term occurs frequently within the cluster .	2	7	VBZ	has	have	5
the threat from north korea is that they will launch a NN at hawaii or maybe california , not send NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
it appears that even the spelling of the word is not yet settled .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
the basis of this method is the classical NNP reaction between an acid NN and a compound containing an active hydrogen atom , such as an NN or alcohol , NNS , NN , NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
other football teams within the town include NNP 's sports football club who play at NNP lane and pen mill football NNP NNP athletics club was founded in 1969 , and has produced many international athletes since its creation .	2	6	VBP	include	includes	4
this JJ collaboration among NNP , NNP and mit represents an JJ commitment to promoting engineering innovation and excellence .	2	9	VBZ	represents	represent	7
if you think such notability has been demonstrated , please explain how - references from reliable independent sources talking about the the subject are what we need , and the 7 days that this discussion will run for should be plenty of time to find them should they exist .	13	23	VBP	are	is	10
i think the fact that the one paragraph is a ) NN and b ) NN and directly addresses the issue says something .	3	21	VBZ	says	say	18
the `` wu '' school of NN playing currently centered in NNP takes him as a leading figure ; noted players to VB his style include wang duo and yuan NNP .	4	12	VBZ	takes	take	8
binary NN compounds , the metal NNS , contain NN in NN state less than iii .	2	8	VBP	contain	contains	6
the second enlarged edition , a JJ book , also written in 17th century dutch , presents a rather complicated mixture of various texts with encyclopedic details .	3	16	VBZ	presents	present	13
in fact , many contemporary flags , especially at icon size , are not JJ to most readers .	5	12	VBP	are	is	7
a few examples of crazy items are japanese NN rice , NN , NNS , and strange little NNS that may VB santa .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the two most popular NNS for NN houses are a small heat pump , which also provides JJ , or a central NN ( NN ) air NN with water VBG from the water NN .	4	8	VBP	are	is	4
however his ideas were not taken seriously and a general perception formed among NNS that only when a focused activity is performed does the brain ( or a part of the brain ) become active .	10	22	VBZ	does	do	12
a variant of this system , also defined in iso 9 , allows for NNS rather than NNS in more cases , using NNS , NN , VBP rather than NNS , NNP , NNP for NNP NNP , NNP , NNP .	1	12	VBZ	allows	allow	11
the fact that sinclair 's wife VBD against NNP 's at his 2005 trial is a detail that has no more importance in this blp than the fact that several NNS and judges VBN for him .	1	14	VBZ	is	are	13
in 1888 the railways of new south wales and queensland meet at NNP .	3	10	VBP	meet	meets	7
the most widely available version of the song ( as released on NNP greatest hits NNS ) places more emphasis on the eagles ' background vocals , plus additional background vocal NNS by NNP towards the end of the song .	4	17	VBZ	places	place	13
another explanation for increased NN is white flight .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
a short stretch of the railway crosses the territory of kazakhstan .	2	6	VBZ	crosses	cross	4
the site has long standing themes of where ( NNP ) name of recording industry association of america is show that it is n't american in fact .	11	18	VBZ	is	are	7
a common method of testing change NN is the NN NN , in which a blank screen is presented in the middle of an image and an altered form of that image that may VB the NN 's attention .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
all the images uploaded by him are in process of deletion .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the construction of the NNP NN begins with a square .	1	6	VBZ	begins	begin	5
this new design , including also a new disney channel section , is similar to the american version of the website .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
another alternative you could test first is to VB with firefox .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
NNP NN NNS ( NNP ) are chemicals which VBP the activity of the NN NN enzyme family .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
if the cause for the high NN count remains unclear , bone NN NN is often undertaken , to VB whether the high NN count is JJ or essential .	2	8	VBZ	remains	remain	6
the three obvious choices for NNP 's mate are a JJ dancer , urban , a NN named NNP , and the JJ falcon NNP .	3	8	VBP	are	is	5
a bottom girl , bottom woman similarly , the NNP training manual explains the bottom girl 's NNS may include handling NNS and training and recruiting other NNS .	5	12	VBZ	explains	explain	7
for example , the process of breeding at least two NNS of JJ animals from JJ stem cells is both time NN and complex .	4	18	VBZ	is	are	14
claire NNP NNS as NNP 's other daughter NNP , while timothy NNP and NNP logan VBZ NNP 's brother and NN respectively , the latter of which have secrets of their own affecting their everyday family life .	2	28	VBP	have	has	26
the victim , NN joe NNP , has several messages on his VBG machine , all from women .	1	7	VBZ	has	have	6
power rangers lists VBG ; however , i am not sure they are such that would justify a block ( the number of nominations you have is nowhere near the number that others have that i do find disruptive ) .	21	26	VBZ	is	are	5
the only source i can provide is the book 1 NNP NNP NNP de NNP en NNP y NNP which corresponds to the NNS of the first international congress of mathematics in civil engineering and architecture , section in theoretical developments of applied mathematics ( madrid 2007 ) .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
excavations in the area indicate that it has been settled in the bronze age .	0	4	VBP	indicate	indicates	4
the most common treatment for serious cases is behavior therapy several other NN treatments exist , mainly involving exposure therapy and NN techniques while driving .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
to be technical , the edits are deleted from the revision table of the database altogether making them RB JJ , but the text of the edits remains in the table that holds all the text .	23	27	VBZ	remains	remain	4
trees based on NN show the NNP as usually defined are JJ to the NNP , which may adopt similar forms .	0	4	VBP	show	shows	4
modules from the full-time programmes are available on a part-time continuing professional development ( NNP ) basis .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
a JJ reason that people are turned on by wearing rubber is its JJ abilities .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
a person from the other side sees it as `` NN '' and we all know the rest of the story .	1	6	VBZ	sees	see	5
his recognised works from this period include such NNS as the portrait of NNP de NNP and his page and the NNP of saint john the baptist .	2	6	VBP	include	includes	4
other popular forms of irish dancing are for couples and group social dancing , such as set dancing and NN dancing .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the piece , almost entirely based on NNS , appears difficult at first due to its speed ( some NNS have VBN that NNP 's NN was VBN such that it went faster than it should have , due to extreme NNS such as this one ) .	1	9	VBZ	appears	appear	8
the influence of NNP 's early interest in NNP is apparent in some of his films , such as NNP NNP .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
like any other flash based product , the templates created with NNP have certain problems with mobile devices .	8	12	VBP	have	has	4
in the seventh episode POS NNP ' , kate and jim attempt a normal date on temporary shore leave but soon find out that the VBN island they are staying on is a base for local NNS .	26	31	VBZ	is	are	5
most people with this disorder are JJ and often JJ , but people of a healthy weight can also suffer from it .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the condition of the area is now terrible .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
for example , the number of books and articles written about mary NNP and her literary works is in the hundreds .	4	17	VBZ	is	are	13
settlement at NNP green dates back to at least the JJ century , during the second world war , a camp school for disabled NNS from london was established in NNP green , run by the JJ national camps corporation .	0	4	VBZ	dates	date	4
NNP ( NN case ) or JJ capitals is where a compound word or an NN begins each element with a capital letter .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
birth rates of people who later kill themselves show JJ excess for april , may and june compared with the other months .	1	8	VBP	show	shows	7
minor additions to and variations on his key system are common but the JJ structure of the tube remains almost exactly as he designed it .	14	18	VBZ	remains	remain	4
the sum of two NNS of a number is 13 .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the machines in men 's rooms , when they are present , are most commonly for the sale of NNS , though in some locations they may be found VBG cologne , medicine , small NNS , or even NNS .	1	9	VBP	are	is	8
RB i would like to create a NN , in which the third variable ( here NNP ) VBZ the symbol or symbol color used to display the data points in the first two columns .	13	18	VBZ	selects	select	5
no oppose vote so far really explains the problem with the photo in terms of NNP guidelines .	2	6	VBZ	explains	explain	4
the [ [ JJ ] ] age of currently serving senators is .	6	11	VBZ	is	are	5
road to world cup 98 ( commonly abbreviated to fifa 98 ) is a football video game developed by NNP canada and published by electronic arts .	0	12	VBZ	is	are	12
the line through the station remains open and is today used by trains on the NNP northern line .	1	5	VBZ	remains	remain	4
the section between NNP bay and quarry bay consists mainly of NNS built along victoria harbour .	1	8	VBZ	consists	consist	7
the JJ norm of a NN normally distributed random vector follows a JJ chi distribution .	2	10	VBZ	follows	follow	8
for example , one NN of an JJ reader is that the argument `` i 've read it before '' is a JJ reason not to read a book .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
until then , however , the ecological balance of the lake is still on the NN , and many of the NNS that survived the peak population of NNS are still critically endangered and close to extinction .	7	11	VBZ	is	are	4
the varieties of the two NNS are ( a ) wan .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
this version , JJ `` flower of the mountain '' appears on the 2011 album director 's cut .	1	10	VBZ	appears	appear	9
the degree to which diamonds exhibit body color is one of the four value factors by which diamonds are assessed .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
people who get an article are notable or famous in some way , so regular people are n't included and do n't need boxes .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
on the other hand , the composition of a reflection and a rotation , or of a rotation and a reflection ( composition is not JJ ) , will be equivalent to a reflection .	6	23	VBZ	is	are	17
the person who VBP it is edmund NNP , a professor who shares quite a few characteristics with NNP NNP , who is now in prison because he VBD 11 of his students .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the two main contributing editors NNP and NNP are both spa editors .	4	8	VBP	are	is	4
in the united states , some states and VBG authorities distinguish between the initial NN fee for internet access and the monthly , JJ , or JJ NN fee for actual access .	6	10	VBP	distinguish	distinguishes	4
the building is now used mainly by a theatre company , although a restaurant at the eastern end of the building retains the hotel 's original name .	13	21	VBZ	retains	retain	8
however , her attempts at NNS often end in comic relief .	3	7	VBP	end	ends	4
the people there , NNP and NNP , are kind to him , and he has many adventures as he discovers the world around him .	1	8	VBP	are	is	7
a different approach to NN of probability NNS is JJ NN , where the NNS of the different measures are brought into alignment .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the author , in his NN , speaks against the learned and worthy disputes physicians held at the NN of the patient , and against their NN on foreign NNS in preference indigenous ones .	1	7	VBZ	speaks	speak	6
her home in NNP beach is a national historic landmark , and a sculpture of her is located in lincoln park in washington , d .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
for example , as NNP correctly notes below , the only real way to correct for differing temperature NNS is with an outside temperature sensor , which is obviously out of the question for a simple , JJ , consumer device .	12	19	VBZ	is	are	7
an international committee of distinguished scientists VBZ the winners from a list of nominated candidates .	2	6	VBZ	selects	select	4
time is JJ and eternal ; the cosmic wheel of time , called NN , VBZ RB .	8	15	VBZ	rotates	rotate	7
land use in the NNP park is subject to the rules and VBG regulations of the JJ NNP park agency ( NNP ) .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
another apparent violation that is not regarded as such is the `` very uncommon '' practice of a NN of the same NN of the field being VBN as `` JJ '' ; while well known in former times this is unusual in the extreme today .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
variations of the name include NNP and NNP .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
this event , which offers more than 200 scientific education sessions and an NN featuring CD , 000 VBG companies , regularly attracts 16 , CD , 000 people from more than 75 countries .	1	22	VBZ	attracts	attract	21
NNP , and the water surface at the NNP river NNP is about CD feet ( CD m ) over NNP .	5	11	VBZ	is	are	6
first census of new france records CD families , VBG 3 , CD JJ inhabitants .	1	5	VBZ	records	record	4
NNP 's chapter of the ice age park and trail foundation maintains an office in downtown NNP , with access to the trail several hundred yards away .	2	11	VBZ	maintains	maintain	9
effect of the 2004 indian ocean earthquake on hong kong is extremely short compared to this article .	0	10	VBZ	is	are	10
NNP 's desperate effort to twist my words in his favor deserves attention .	3	11	VBZ	deserves	deserve	8
the discussion of this study suggests the results may be applied generally to NNP areas .	1	5	VBZ	suggests	suggest	4
on the wings , the lesser and JJ JJ NNS are grey , while the rest of the wing is a slightly JJ NN .	15	19	VBZ	is	are	4
potential development areas for freshwater NN include CD , 000 NNS of agricultural water bodies , CD , 000 NNS of NNS , plus other areas in big lakes and water NNS suitable for cage farming .	2	6	VBP	include	includes	4
those kinds of JJ NNS are one of the things that VBZ JJ NN from JJ ones .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the competition from local schools , like west lafayette NNP high school , also demands high academic standards .	1	14	VBZ	demands	demand	13
gene loss or VB decay occurs when a gene is no longer used by the NN or when a NN attempts to VB to a new ecological NN .	1	5	VBZ	occurs	occur	4
the figure distributed in europe is a NN of the g .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the meaning of the river 's name is unknown ( maybe 'the dark one ' ) .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the mormon NN `` in our JJ NNP '' employs the tune as well .	2	9	VBZ	employs	employ	7
the term of office for an executive council member is twelve months , after which time the legislative assembly VBZ new members to the council , although councillors are permitted to seek re-election to the council as often as they like .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
typical NNS of this activity include entity relationship NNP ( NNP ) , NNP NNP ( NNP ) , and an enterprise wide data dictionary .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
travel over the island is on NN .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
another sales technique of the store is to locate NNS in the back of the store , which requires clients to pass by all the products on the floor each month in order to pay their next monthly payment .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
while it may be argued that the dead ( probably ) iraqi man in the photo is an JJ NN of iraqi civilian casualties , it would be as JJ to place a picture in its NN that shows u .	12	16	VBZ	is	are	4
iron eggs ( NN , NN ) , are eggs that have been repeatedly VBN in a mix of NNS and JJ .	1	8	VBP	are	is	7
band , no assertion of importance , no NNS , most likely this is a vanity page .	0	13	VBZ	is	are	13
three caves located near NNP at the edge of the NNP plateau , VBP the NNP age when farming , NN , and VBD stone tools first appeared .	1	13	VBP	depict	depicts	12
earlier attempts to translate the russian term include `` the concept of CD close at hand , ' '' `` nearby foreign lands , '' and `` countries not far abroad .	1	7	VBP	include	includes	6
each year in early march NNP hosts its annual agricultural show .	1	6	VBZ	hosts	host	5
one reason why JJ measures are so JJ in probability theory is the central limit theorem .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
one well-known formula VBG from his system is the rule of succession , given as principle seven .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
transition into the NNP indicates NN has begun .	0	4	VBZ	indicates	indicate	4
his JJ type of JJ language is sexually related .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the three easily JJ places in the neighbourhood are jan plaza ( k block ) , NNP plaza and NNP centre ( j block ) and NNP market ( i block ) .	4	8	VBP	are	is	4
the protection of pupil rights amendment gives parents more rights with regard to the NN of minor students , the collection of information NNS students for marketing purposes , and certain NN medical examinations .	1	6	VBZ	gives	give	5
otto NNP showed that every JJ group VBG an JJ property is JJ to a NN of the JJ group of real numbers , .	6	11	VBZ	is	are	5
i was in fact VBG NNS that were two years old ; the discussion NNP is referring to is still there .	13	18	VBZ	is	are	5
once solved , use of the JJ NNP transform reverts to the time domain .	3	9	VBZ	reverts	revert	6
in memory of the NN , the portrait of the monarch VBZ RB down in the local museum of NNP .	7	11	VBZ	hangs	hang	4
all articles in the categories western football league seasons and southern football league seasons need their category keys VBN so they list correctly .	1	14	VBP	need	needs	13
any network of voltage or current sources and NNS is RB equivalent to a single voltage source in series with a single NN .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
customers of JJ internet service providers , such as NNP , use a NN to VB a local telephone number in order to connect to the internet .	0	11	VBP	use	uses	11
the current japanese term for the massacre is NNP NNP ( ) , literally `` ( the ) singapore chinese massacre '' .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
an account of the expedition is available in the NNP journal 2000 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
per NNP , `` the authors ' statistical treatment of their obtained data appears to be VBN .	8	13	VBZ	appears	appear	5
although she is willing to help free the NNP city of NNP and NNP , NNP informs the group she will not restore NNP as king having recently discovered that his claim to the throne is illegal .	31	35	VBZ	is	are	4
though the book was considered a novel , NNP asserted that `` the facts and persons that i cited are true .	13	19	VBP	are	is	6
the verified author of the work has to explicitly release that under the gfdl , and that may not be enough .	2	6	VBZ	has	have	4
JJ forums and private NN make finding help and VBG with others possible within the software .	1	5	VBP	make	makes	4
hope for life - is a NNP film starring NNP NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP and NNP mann .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
for example , JJ cells , which are not considered NNS , play an essential role in information processing .	4	12	VBP	play	plays	8
another notable artist in this small and relatively new arena is NNP .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
recent developments on the issue include an article in the german newspaper der NNP VBG unfair working conditions , the reply by the mps supporting the working conditions offered to phd students , and a complaint in parliament by the german party die NNP .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
this production , VBN with JJ NNS of NN by scott NNP , VBZ the NN NN to new levels and VB the piece 's JJ political commentary '' .	1	13	VBZ	pushes	push	12
the people of the main island are of JJ ethnicity .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
it is no NN that the beginning of the late ottoman era in NNP 's history begins with the end of the NNP war .	6	16	VBZ	begins	begin	10
having a bot handle full protection of stuff on the admin page is a much more JJ response .	5	12	VBZ	is	are	7
the novel , published in 1974 , deals with the events of the battle of NNP and the effects of the engagement on some of the main NNS , including generals NNP and lee , as well as colonel joshua lawrence chamberlain and general john NNP .	1	7	VBZ	deals	deal	6
some monster trucks that are new to the monster nationals include NNP ( doug NNP 's newest creation ) , NNP 's beast and teammate truck NNP , and more .	2	10	VBP	include	includes	8
the outcome of the project is a library of genetic NNS and physical NNS for every species of plant , animal and fungi on the island that will be provided as a publicly available database resource for NNS and evolutionary NNS around the world .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
this hamlet , au NNP NNP VBZ into two different counties , which is divided by the west branch and main branch of the au NNP river .	1	6	VBZ	spreads	spread	5
his goal of properly VBG the youth of america and giving children an opportunity to actively participate in society is still successfully being achieved to this day .	1	19	VBZ	is	are	18
us , but this source clearly shows that this building in this location is notable .	9	13	VBZ	is	are	4
the nearest college to the village is NNP NNP in NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
this image , while explicit and even offensive to some , is information .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
when the same procedure has been conducted using each segment as a starting point for the initial value of one , then a graph of final values appears .	23	27	VBZ	appears	appear	4
the gang gets into the plant but the driver , `` bo '' NNP ( ian macdonald ) , recognizes vic NNP as hank NNP ( `` he VBD me four years ago .	8	19	VBZ	recognizes	recognize	11
the common problem with deleting files is JJ removal of information that later proves to be important .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the remaining institution , the european court of NNP , is an independent NN authority ( due to the sensitive nature of fraud in the eu ) .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
the JJ features of the NN itself most commonly used to describe a species include the number of JJ NNS , the degree of NN of the host nucleus , the size of the NN , the degree of host nucleus NN and the degree of host cell NN .	2	14	VBP	include	includes	12
the distribution of VBG companies is JJ towards JJ services .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
american NN to have anything JJ in it , though NN NNS and NNS often do .	11	15	VBP	do	does	4
british fleet under admiral sir edward NNP defeats french at the second battle of cape NNP .	1	7	VBZ	defeats	defeat	6
the church of san NNP is a church in central NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the daughters of mary , mother of our NNP are a congregation of sisters founded by NN .	1	9	VBP	are	is	8
NNS filled with air usually hold their size and shape much longer , sometimes for up to a week .	0	5	VBP	hold	holds	5
the list of distinguished scholars at the university of oxford is long and includes many who have made major contributions to british politics , the sciences , and literature .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
wp guidelines then by all means ignore them .	1	6	VBP	ignore	ignores	5
she does not use firearms , but can perform magic using NNP NNS , as well as use her staff as a NN weapon , though it also becomes an energy weapon when used in conjunction with the NNP .	19	28	VBZ	becomes	become	9
note that this version of the algorithm is not complete , i .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
NNS in JJ roles take the NNP case form .	0	4	VBP	take	takes	4
in addition to these two monthly events held at the preserve , one board member , a NN at NNP NNP hills , teaches a native plant VBG class in arthur johnson memorial park , which is adjacent to the preserve .	14	23	VBZ	teaches	teach	9
the government places restriction on the employment of study NNS , arguing that their primary purpose of stay here is to take care of their children .	15	19	VBZ	is	are	4
although not clearly defined , the NN of JJ patent applications consists , at one point in time , in all the patent applications that have been filed and still remain to be examined .	6	11	VBZ	consists	consist	5
if the only article on this NN is JJ , then there are no sources .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the path to the peak of mount NNP is accessible by bus from the jr east NNP line NNP station in NNP .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
my alert about this user still stands , regardless of the JJ NN added RB in an attempt to VB attention away from the initial post .	1	6	VBZ	stands	stand	5
the first section of the lead is now better .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
area maps from the 1980s show several scattered residences and abandoned buildings .	1	5	VBP	show	shows	4
the point in having proper templates is to use them and improve the NN and NN of our content , not to retain old and incorrect versions that are more difficult to use and maintain .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
animals and most other organisms are JJ , VBG on oxygen ; those that do not are confined to relatively rare JJ environments .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
the campaign mode in NNP of war 2 allows for a single player or two players playing RB as marcus or NNP .	2	8	VBZ	allows	allow	6
wp policy that VBG to VB is an JJ offense .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
only the arabic source of abu NNP mentions the massacre , chinese sources of the tang dynasty history say nothing of the massacre and only mention NNP NNP occupying NNP and VBG after disease struck his army .	3	7	VBZ	mentions	mention	4
one use of the license hardly makes it notable .	1	6	VBZ	makes	make	5
the phrase `` from cape NNP to the NNP '' is , however , frequently used within new zealand to refer to the whole country , ignoring both slope point and some offshore islands .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
for instance , the broad idea that NN is the `` absence of belief in god or gods '' is not very traditional , and to some ( myself included ) much too general .	5	19	VBZ	is	are	14
some people , such as myself , are interested in the history of golf and the world of golf .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
i think that unless there 's some sudden strong consensus right now to extend the trial , the original poll 's decision to end it as of december has to be honored .	21	28	VBZ	has	have	7
other areas of interest within the district are the NNP railway station , NNP underground shopping street , a JJ temple and the buddhist NNP temple .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
while this approach to treating NNP remains the current standard of care , the role of surgery in NNP is being JJ , with recent studies indicating that surgery may improve outcomes in some patients with early stage NNP and combined forms of NNP and NNP .	2	6	VBZ	remains	remain	4
apparently , the name `` NNP '' comes from the children 's NN of NNP 's name .	3	7	VBZ	comes	come	4
the most notable temples in NNP u are the JJ temple ( temple of 80 , 000 images or temple of victory ) , NNP temple ( NNP NNP hall ) , the NNP temple ( temple of 90 , 000 images ) and the five NNP NN .	3	7	VBP	are	is	4
new editors who decide to be bold sometimes encounter the deletion process because the new article may be at odds with a wikipedia policy .	1	8	VBP	encounter	encounters	7
those parts of the boat are VBN in oak NN and NN NN with brass NNS .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
route 19 ( us 19 ) is a part of the u .	0	6	VBZ	is	are	6
one approach to the design of NN systems that has seen wide use is collaborative NN .	1	13	VBZ	is	are	12
opponents of JJ economics argue that the NN theory of value is RB VBN .	0	4	VBP	argue	argues	4
the tips of the JJ bones tend to grow more in males than females , creating a larger ( longer or wider ) nose .	1	6	VBP	tend	tends	5
as NNP battles his siblings to maintain control over his followers , competition between their respective NN shows slowly begins to take over their lives .	12	17	VBZ	shows	show	5
some have been RB proved to have no NNP doyle input , the composition of others still remains unclear .	13	17	VBZ	remains	remain	4
the `` official rules of baseball '' are practically as thick as the telephone book of a small town , whilst there simply VB enough details and rules to football to require the sacrifice of a good part of a tree .	3	7	VBP	are	is	4
the author , whose name is VBN , has an affair with a hotel NN , kelly .	1	8	VBZ	has	have	7
commonly the NN layer near the surface contains abundant ice .	3	7	VBZ	contains	contain	4
the JJ product of n copies of x means the NN of NNP , the JJ JJ product of x with itself , by the NN action of the JJ group on n letters operating on the NNS of coordinates .	2	8	VBZ	means	mean	6
the boundary between the two NNS of the central business district is at civic square where the ridge to the west comes closest to the sea .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
the concert band ensemble at the harry NNP music program is a course for continuing band students with a minimum of 2 years of study and experience on a band instrument either at a junior high school or through private lessons .	3	10	VBZ	is	are	7
however , some features of these NNS suggest it may be a JJ member of a line of NN NNS .	3	7	VBP	suggest	suggests	4
at least the clock on this request needs to be VBN from now , because no NN was placed on the page .	3	7	VBZ	needs	need	4
major aims in the planning of new spaces and the NN of old ones include the integration of each classroom with the rest of the school , and the school with the surrounding community .	1	14	VBP	include	includes	13
while copyright is the primary legal mechanism that NNP authors use to ensure license compliance for their software , other mechanisms such as legislation , patents , and NNS have implications as well .	20	29	VBP	have	has	9
however , other NNP factions in lebanon , such as NNPS of the NNP , in their opposition to arab nationalism , advocate the idea of a JJ racial heritage ( see NNP ) .	4	22	VBP	advocate	advocates	18
the page they want to delete is about to go to VB NN .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
all articles of the paper are available on its website to NNS .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the farm to market road ( fm ) that passes through dennis is CD .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
his uncle , NNP NNP is the head coach .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
any member of the shakespeare wikiproject is free to add or change the rating of an article .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
many people believe that people who are younger are more prone to being NN and base their decision to oppose based solely upon this fact .	4	8	VBP	are	is	4
with no source to shed light on the relationship between the NNS , it is JJ to claim ( in the main article body ) that the year of the story setting is in the 7th ( NNP ) millennium .	27	32	VBZ	is	are	5
each individual , group and nation is either in NN or NN ; RBR or later , all NN , rising in grade .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the age limit of the participating athletes is 20 years .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the state of other articles is not relevant to this deletion discussion .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
RB , volume 1 of NNP 's is JJ back to CD after the article , to once again line up with NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the main eastern part of the district is very cold in winter and moderate in summer .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
in world war ii , actions of the italian royal navy ( NNP marina ) in 1940 also demonstrate the idea of a `` fleet in being '' .	5	18	VBP	demonstrate	demonstrates	13
the waves of NN that move within a colony are apparently not VBN through NNS , but by a JJ process .	1	9	VBP	are	is	8
that company , swedish metro international , is the world 's leading publisher of free NNS , with 57 editions in 17 countries , including the NN papers in paris and rome .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
people with this condition have very short arms and legs , a small chest with short NN , JJ NN bones , and unusually short fingers and NNS ( NN ) .	0	4	VBP	have	has	4
young girls in a child marriage are more likely to experience domestic violence in their marriages as opposed to older women .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
each panel control in the ensemble is capable of NNP NN in the host NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
as a new user , the first thing you need to know is that wikipedia is an encyclopedia full of articles about almost everything .	7	12	VBZ	is	are	5
bird life in the forests of the central region includes NNP NNP , NNS , NNS , NNS and NNS .	1	9	VBZ	includes	include	8
the chinese village that staged a rebellion last year takes part in its first democratic elections to elect its governing committee .	2	9	VBZ	takes	take	7
this is because noble gases such as NNP and NN are highly JJ and do not usually form chemical compounds .	4	10	VBP	are	is	6
the beginning of this rivalry is unknown but it is known that la mafia and NNP would VB each other and were known to compete in who had the better live show .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the only original text i can see is the NN of the tv series , which i think if retained at all , it should be moved to the tv series article - although it needs a rewrite first .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
in addition to this , a JJ goal by luxembourg against turkey allows NNP 's england to qualify for the world cup .	7	12	VBZ	allows	allow	5
all profits from its documentary film NNP , officially released in january 2011 , go to the support of the project NNP center .	1	14	VBP	go	goes	13
list of the suite life on deck episodes is a fairly high maintenance page with editors RB adding information that is VBN and which usually is at odds with the existing citations used on the page .	0	8	VBZ	is	are	8
i just wonder , for example , if the fact that cloud gate is popular is really so controversial that the consensus of opinion would ever be in doubt .	9	15	VBZ	is	are	6
in fact these files , with the exception of certain JJ information , are open to the public after the inspection has been legally closed out .	3	13	VBP	are	is	10
i could change my mind if more evidence regarding political NN VBZ .	7	11	VBZ	emerges	emerge	4
NNP 's name , in egyptian , means the cat or `` he who belongs to the cat [ NNP ] .	2	7	VBZ	means	mean	5
all schools in the group follow the english national curriculum .	1	5	VBP	follow	follows	4
a little exchange on my user talk page where the user says that it is ok to say , that i make an JJ statement , followed by my third request to nevertheless stop doing this .	2	11	VBZ	says	say	9
NNP entry -- and there is none for NNP , NNP , the armor , etc .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the first long episode of the book is the festival of the NNP NNP , the NNP NNP .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
according to grant , variants between such NNS have a minor importance and the NNS VBG their NNS are just instrumental in supporting the interests of VBG NNS .	4	8	VBP	have	has	4
the mission of the NNP is to build and operate a JJ facility , to provide funding for tourism promotion in NNP county , to improve NNP league spring training facilities , and to build community youth and amateur sports and recreational facilities .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
more recent examples of quinn 's work include park , which won the audience award at 2007 NNP , and the short film NNP , starring golden NNP america NNP .	2	7	VBP	include	includes	5
another copy of the texts is extant in NNP , pp .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the natural enemy of a NNP is NNP as their only form of protection is VBG their NN heads .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the only recorded exception to this uniform diet is that they occasionally take VBN prey from a web rather than the spider who VBD it .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
later sites in the southern part of the region show influence from the safety harbor culture .	1	9	VBP	show	shows	8
the mother board i am looking at has 4 NN NNP 2 .	2	7	VBZ	has	have	5
the main goal of hydraulic NN monitoring is to completely VB the induced NN structure and distribution of NN within a formation .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
notable firms based in nearby cities within the metropolitan area include arctic circle restaurants , NNP , and NNP .	1	10	VBP	include	includes	9
NNP risk in the young ( cry ) is a humanitarian charitable organization helping to raise awareness of JJ risk , sudden NNP death ( NNP ) , sudden death syndrome ( NNP , NNP ) .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
he had a number of NNS and other JJ movements ; the signs described by NNP and others suggest that johnson had NNP syndrome ( NNP ) .	12	18	VBP	suggest	suggests	6
an interesting letter from NNP to lord NNP is among the duke of NNP 's NNP .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
NNP set records for most points allowed by alabama in a game and most JJ alabama loss , both of which still stand .	2	22	VBP	stand	stands	20
the name `` bad '' means `` spa '' , reflecting the town 's history as a health resort .	1	5	VBZ	means	mean	4
a historical attempt to define `` christian '' which is still highly regarded is the [ [ NNP NNP ] ] .	2	13	VBZ	is	are	11
statues of king david and solomon stand on either side of the entrance to the basilica of el NNP , philip 's palace , and solomon is also depicted in a great NN at the center of el NNP 's library .	0	6	VBP	stand	stands	6
under the common law of england and wales , the death of a person causes solely emotional and pure economic loss to their relatives .	10	14	VBZ	causes	cause	4
some local governments outside of NNP also have laws with elements of NNP that VBP certain rights of women and religious minorities .	2	7	VBP	have	has	5
the age distribution , , in NNP is ; CD people or 28 .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
NNS of the area continue to advocate for its preservation as a park .	0	4	VBP	continue	continues	4
a better way to deal with long-term problematic users is to handle them ( ban them or VB them ) before it becomes a long-term problem , not to treat every user as if they might become a problem user .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
NNP NNS of austrian universities spread to several more in vienna , NNP and NNP , demanding free education for everyone .	1	5	VBP	spread	spreads	4
claim that other articles have been deleted or merged seems inaccurate as shown by NNP .	0	9	VBZ	seems	seem	9
however , the link between NN and JJ synthesis is a RB called NN NN or POS ' .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
the ability to quickly VB global changes is also apparent in the rapid expression of JJ JJ sequences .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
finding that NNP has forgotten to write dates on the machine 's NNS , the rest of the film follows their attempts to find their way back to 1999 , often creating huge historical NNS in the process which must be corrected before the end .	15	19	VBZ	follows	follow	4
the song `` NNP NNP '' appears to question t .	1	6	VBZ	appears	appear	5
the earliest JJ evidence of the NN of marriage to NNS and the duty of those already married to VB from sexual contact with their wives is in the JJ NNS of the council of NNP and the later council of NNP .	3	26	VBZ	is	are	23
molecules that are more RB VBN require arrangements that are more linear , and thus VB more slowly .	0	6	VBP	require	requires	6
the JJS way to change policy is to change common practice first .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
ross 's NNP teammate , NNP arthur , is his first on february 13 , 2010 , ross was traded to the washington NNP along with josh howard , drew NNP and james NNP for NNP butler , NNP NNP , and NNP NNP .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
the user who names others as `` JJ NNS '' usually never VBZ ; things only get worse , unfortunately .	1	12	VBZ	improves	improve	11
for reference , the power NN for my NN says it gives the NN CD at 3 .	5	9	VBZ	says	say	4
all the information i have provided is true , i am not trying to big myself up .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the banks and the NN are apparently in good condition , although fairly heavily VBN .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the majority of carbon dioxide in the blood is in the form of NN .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the strength of cellular NN in NNP remains uncertain , however it is expected to be stronger than in NNS due to differences in NNS among different animals .	1	7	VBZ	remains	remain	6
the general shape of the tree is JJ with VBN , horizontal branches that are often somewhat JJ toward the tips .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
as of CD , the graduation rate of NNP trail high school is 95 .	6	12	VBZ	is	are	6
a greek internet website editor , NNP NNP , claims that the greek NNP had shot down two turkish NNP , while the turkish side has claimed that their NNS had shot down two greek NNS ; however , both greece and turkey have officially denied any losses .	4	9	VBZ	claims	claim	5
the process from NN ( when nucleus begins its JJ evolution to NN ) to NN point ( when fragments are formed and nuclear interaction between fragments NNS ) , VBG system shape changes but also promote NNS to JJ particle levels .	1	7	VBZ	begins	begin	6
a look at the talk page reveals that the situation is much more complicated than that .	1	6	VBZ	reveals	reveal	5
the pursuit of civil NNS remains an JJ business .	1	5	VBZ	remains	remain	4
the full name of the club is NNP NNP NNP ( NNP NNP association ) , but the name is frequently abbreviated as NNP f .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the next appearance , deep in NNP space , passes by a large sensor array that NNP is unable to avoid .	2	9	VBZ	passes	pass	7
your association between the financial crisis and business school crisis is right in different sense .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
as a result , the modern JJ structures of the federal subjects vary significantly from one federal subject to another ; that includes the manner in which the cities of federal subject significance are organized and the choice of a term to refer to such entities .	7	12	VBP	vary	varies	5
the trio break from there into a comedy routine before VBG another switch in the performance by over dramatically VBG off stage right because PRP NNP is near ' .	2	26	VBZ	is	are	24
the name `` NNP NNP '' is a pseudonym and a tribute to punk singer ian NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
NNP NNP , children 's rights and protection expert at the ministry of women 's affairs , says that some remote studies conducted in NNP NNP , NNP , NNP , and three other towns of the country indicate that the problem of child trafficking is very serious .	21	38	VBP	indicate	indicates	17
internationally , the most common destinations for victims of human trafficking are thailand , japan , israel , belgium , the netherlands , germany , italy , turkey and the united states , according to a report by the NNP ( united nations office on drugs and crime ) .	5	11	VBP	are	is	6
the day this NN is elected to arbcom is the day i quit wikipedia for good .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the western wall and the portal is from the old NNP church .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
consequently , girls that reach sexual NN early are more likely than their peers to develop eating disorders .	2	8	VBP	are	is	6
your NN with ani and rfa are JJ but clear lack of considerable mainspace edits is a concern .	10	15	VBZ	is	are	5
the experience in deciding upon local matters is what gives rise to big things .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
leading NN or leading hand , which it is also known as , is the equivalent of NN in the royal australian air force and the australian army .	1	13	VBZ	is	are	12
korean opera and an entirely JJ western opera season , and opera school , to compete with the beijing opera house , and japan 's historical centre for western operas in the far east is the present focus .	12	34	VBZ	is	are	22
RB speaking , a neighbourhood of a point is a set containing the point where you can move that point some amount without leaving the set .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
a fourth `` concert hall '' , called NNP , is the open air theater VBG ancient greek and roman theaters .	4	10	VBZ	is	are	6
thermal NN explains why an NN light NN , for example , VBZ JJ light .	7	12	VBZ	emits	emit	5
the first part of a NN NN NN is a public NN , usually started by a NN , to collect the views of all affected parties .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
but a VBG crowd of fellow students VBZ him away .	3	7	VBZ	pushes	push	4
access control - the door opens when the an access control system determines the user is authorized to go through .	1	5	VBZ	opens	open	4
october 2006 ( utc ) outside a few minor issues that arose afterward , the reason for VBG a formal mediation request seems to have been resolved .	15	22	VBZ	seems	seem	7
the purpose of this program is to increase the bond between education and technology .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
every JJ complete intersection local ring of dimension at least 4 is JJ .	5	11	VBZ	is	are	6
from a NN whose opinion is entirely JJ of prior contact or involvement - the answers you have written carry a very negative NN .	15	19	VBP	carry	carries	4
the appearance of the NNP is somewhat JJ , but the two towers gives relatively detailed descriptions of at least some of them .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the NNP 's main building , the NNP , is on the national register of historic places .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
mike road ( born march 18 , 1918 , though several sources state 1915 , in NNP in middlesex county , massachusetts ) is a voice actor and a warner bros .	12	23	VBZ	is	are	11
comment - as it happens the school has had a number of JJ athletic successes which indicate notability .	0	4	VBZ	happens	happen	4
either this trophy winner or the winner of the terry NNP trophy also receives the canadian football league most outstanding player award .	3	13	VBZ	receives	receive	10
however , the offering scenes on the walls survive , and some retain their [ original ] colour .	4	8	VBP	survive	survives	4
you may be interested to know that the kinds of medical or financial JJ information you describe correctly as having the potential to do NN harm is prohibited by policy here .	8	16	VBP	describe	describes	8
the conclusion you have drawn from the NNP data is not in any way supported by it .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the roads within the sanctuary are now well maintained .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the text of either law is available in french , german or italian , since those are the principal official languages of switzerland .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the repeated line `` take money '' in the CD song hit NNP up is a play on `` get money '' .	2	14	VBZ	is	are	12
comment the previous comment about pov error VBG only if it is permitted by editors is true .	3	15	VBZ	is	are	12
results for the regular and JJ conflict NNS remain JJ , and similarly to co a distributed NNP VBG algorithm exists , now for a mixed environment with both NN and NN resources ( now NN is a special case of NN ) .	0	8	VBP	remain	remains	8
a JJ resolution of this picture is available upon request .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the central action of hot CC NNP VBZ around the arrival of clyde late on a friday night , drunk and VBG to NN NNP despite a VBG order against him because of past domestic violence .	2	7	VBZ	revolves	revolve	5
if there was a direct relationship between these to concepts then i could say with confidence that the other editors who filed this rfc are NNS , because they all agree on nearly every major issue .	19	24	VBP	are	is	5
the amount of VBG up you can do is fairly impressive and each character 's campaign takes at least a few hours to work through , providing you with quite a lot of content ( despite the NN ) .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
it is long , and its area of drainage basin is .	6	10	VBZ	is	are	4
a recurring concept throughout the series is the family planning to move house , although this presumably came to nothing , as in series 4 they are still living in the same house .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
many trees , NNS , NNS , NNS and other JJ NNS form JJ colonies naturally .	1	12	VBP	form	forms	11
most dialects of upper NNP ( a NNP language ) are extinct , except for the NNP dialect .	1	10	VBP	are	is	9
the complex NN NN NN with carefully VBN runners helps create JJ NN and power NNS by taking advantage of two NN frequencies to increase performance , the engine features a high compression ratio of 10 .	4	9	VBZ	helps	help	5
notable creators who made their dc NNS with new talent showcase include mark NNP , norm NNP , tom NNP , steve NNP , NNP NNP , and stan NNP .	1	11	VBP	include	includes	10
the sources referenced on this article are low quality , which are from about a year ago , and there has n't been any new information VBG about the case for many months now .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
while these NNP were intended to make timing and power attacks more difficult , subsequent research found that timing variations in JJ circuits are harder to remove .	19	23	VBP	are	is	4
apart from the research work , the focus of the department remains patient care and NNS ; to provide JJ facilities especially to the JJ sections of society , and to keep a JJ eye on the JJ NN patterns of the JJ and JJ NNS .	7	11	VBZ	remains	remain	4
notable NNP sequences for the show include the killer cars , conrad NNP and his dancing teeth , the NN of the JJ black spot , and a giant cat that VBD its way through london , destroying everything in its path .	2	6	VBP	include	includes	4
the NNP award of a trivial badge is not notable .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the only other RB identified triple asteroid in the JJ population is , which was discovered to be a triple system in 2008 .	6	11	VBZ	is	are	5
the sizes of the ice bodies involved are too small to VB other than VBN JJ effects .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
today , NN NNS and swing dance historians also recognize an additional NN rhythm that has come to be known as `` long NN '' .	3	9	VBP	recognize	recognizes	6
formation of the NN compound is rapid under these conditions , but conversion back to the NN form occurs under basic NN .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
the entrance to the park is just across from the snow valley mountain resort .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
of the small number of google hits and google scholar hits for the quoted term , most are JJ matches ( e .	10	17	VBP	are	is	7
JJ ] ] , you get to claim that particular NN and a good one it is .	10	16	VBZ	is	are	6
l 5 cylinder ( NNP , and NNP respectively for the NN and naturally JJ models ) is the latest generation of NNP 's 5 cylinder engines .	2	17	VBZ	is	are	15
NN is the indonesian term for orchestra , and the name `` NNP NNP '' VBZ roughly to `` victorious flower .	10	15	VBZ	translates	translate	5
but before long , the introduction of a mysterious figure from a former life causes a series of JJ events , and soon differences surface between the two NNS , threatening the very fiber of their friendship and ultimately the existence of the future NNP NNP .	5	14	VBZ	causes	cause	9
the idea of this list is to help people interested in NNS with a JJ list .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
another way to look at VBG is that a routine is RB identified not by its name , but by the combination of its name and the number , order and types of its parameters .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
all counties except howard and baltimore include at least one municipality .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
fair use in ( miss ) NN is a sound sample from a commercial recording .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
a NN point , located north of the lake and highway , provides a view of the lake .	2	12	VBZ	provides	provide	10
if the goal of the project is to make JJ articles more organized and JJ , this is JJ as it is not an improvement over what was in place before .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
cbs games that also aired in prime time include beat the clock , to tell the truth and password .	1	8	VBP	include	includes	7
the dimensions of the cylinder are such that the NN is able to VB thoroughly ; different NNS require different NN chamber sizes for this to occur .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the topic of this article appears to be distinct ( similar to , but still distinct ) from NN .	1	5	VBZ	appears	appear	4
the theoretical and practical aspects of food industry ranging from the quality of raw materials to the final usage of products by consumers are the main concerns of food engineering .	4	23	VBP	are	is	19
the magnetic head inside the NNP terminal is a fixed component and for this reason it only can be cleared by cleaning cards that are flexible enough to clean the leading , center and VBG edges of this round reader head .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the population of the city of helsinki is CD , CD ( 2008 ) , making it the most JJ municipality in finland by a wide margin .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
in episode 81 , a door on the large ship that landed in blood NNP opens and NNP 's sister is introduced .	5	15	VBZ	opens	open	10
also , the conclusions of the section i wish to review , are while not necessarily wrong , based on NN data , which is NN while the original section is based on NNP data which has a far higher resolution .	3	12	VBP	are	is	9
members of the church of jesus christ of JJ saints are also not included .	0	10	VBP	are	is	10
the big theatre in the netherlands which was created originally for `` NN '' and subsequently community theatre is the NNP theatre .	2	18	VBZ	is	are	16
recent information provided by alexander NNP places NNP in mexico city at a time when NNP was known to have been in washington .	1	6	VBZ	places	place	5
a JJ aspect of the committee is that it is more famous in russia and estonia than in finland .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the federation that VBZ the sport in chile is NNP .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
VBG methods have traditionally been passed down from generation to generation , and numerous descriptions of the materials and methods used in europe over the past three centuries survive in archives and early publications .	14	28	VBP	survive	survives	14
the official language in this municipality is german .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
most of the monastery buildings are in ruins or have been VBN for building stone , but the main church , the NN , is still whole and is used on occasion .	19	24	VBZ	is	are	5
the NNS of the remainder NN are the bits of the NNP .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
other themes VBN in his vast art creation are the NN of the bird , the portrait , light and shadow and the myth of creation , the four elements of nature , NN , etc .	1	8	VBP	are	is	7
other examples of JJ mechanisms are the automotive differential and the JJ NN .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the album , at present , is JJ on itunes .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
a JJ column in brick , which seems to have JJ NNS , supports `` an infant in fired clay , almost naked , with a crest placed behind him , upset and VBG his tears with a cloth '' .	2	13	VBZ	supports	support	11
reviews of NNP 's performances are JJ .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
measures which fall within the definition of state aid are JJ unless provided under an NN or notified .	0	9	VBP	are	is	9
the total number of deaths as a result of the acts of terrorism listed on this page is CD ( the number is the same as the flight number for air france flight CD which was VBN by islamic NNS .	2	17	VBZ	is	are	15
most of the words we 've had this year have been related to grammar , but the next CD words we 've been given also seem to include regular JJ .	19	25	VBP	seem	seems	6
the unique NN of a NNP connection is the local and remote address and port .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the second possible explanation of the name is that it refers to geoffrey NNP , who was the admiral of the british flying squadron and who visited NNP in 1870 .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
instead of JJ , cast aluminum NNS with rubber NNS , NNP NNPS came up with a design that used a NN VBD aluminum NN , and a thick JJ tape seal along the NN of the NN , where the NN of the NN meets the base casting .	41	45	VBZ	meets	meet	4
the subject itself ( NNP ) merits an article , but the content of this article is clearly a violation of npov , among other things .	1	16	VBZ	is	are	15
the minimum age to buy west virginia NNP tickets is 18 , while NNS and slot machine NNS require NNS to be at least 21 .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the other key component in the transmission is a transfer case incorporating the NN , located between the main gear box and the NN NN .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the establishment of camp NNP is JJ upon the report as to the NN of the site , but considering the NN of water and the want of facilities for VBG , we are of opinion that it was very JJ , and was not abandoned too soon .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the municipalities that VBP the NN are the same ones that made the NN of NNP , the previous administrative division .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
the total JJ area of the basin is CD NN .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the exception to this law is committees composed entirely of federal officials and employees , which de NN NNP 's committee was .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the goals of VBG democracy and promoting viable economic growth are especially important given the geographical proximity of honduras to the united states .	1	10	VBP	are	is	9
audio NNS from a few east of eden live recordings are available online at NNP .	1	10	VBP	are	is	9
the second NN , the feast of the NNP is a holy meal of NNS and wine that VBZ the fruits of the god and goddess in the world .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the waterloo section with three images is one to many i would select the two you like best and delete the third .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
animal life at NNP NNP is diverse , with many rare species .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the JJ NN beetle , NNP NN , is a beetle of the family NNP and a serious NN of NN crops in both NN and adult stages .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
main road routes passing through the town are the NNP , linking NNP and NNP , and the shorter , more local , NNP and NNP roads .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
support high quality , plenty of NN , VBZ its subject well .	2	8	VBZ	illustrates	illustrate	6
flowing west parallel to the highway , which is on its right , NNP creek passes NNP , where it receives NNP creek from the right .	2	15	VBZ	passes	pass	13
businesses , concentrated on congress avenue and tenth avenue north , include several shopping centers , the largest of which are NNP and palm springs .	0	11	VBP	include	includes	11
truly an excellent admin , but interpretation of NNP is too liberal .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
RB clearly states amongst other things that serious NNS of any expected standards of behavior , or any normal editorial process in the topic area are JJ .	8	25	VBP	are	is	17
NNP NNP , actress and mistress of king charles ii , is said to have been born in NNP in CD ( although other towns and cities , notably oxford , also claim her as their own ) ; NNP street is named after her .	24	32	VBP	claim	claims	8
members of the NNP town council are frank arena ( ward 1 ; r , CD ) , sam della NNP , jr .	0	6	VBP	are	is	6
but i think the current structure of small articles linked by the mountain NNP NN is a better structure for the information ( so NNP to improve wikipedia ) .	5	15	VBZ	is	are	10
the problem for the NN is to determine which failures have been caused by the crash , and which may have caused the crash .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
their reaction to the raid is totally irrelevant to my mind .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP performed a number of JJ NNS for sir robert cecil in france and denmark ; his high rate of pay NN , NNP seems to have been only a court musician .	18	24	VBZ	seems	seem	6
the issue with a redirect is that it would give the air of NN for what appears to be NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
sing NNS to our alma NNP , as good NNP do .	1	10	VBP	do	does	9
NNP NNP ( eric NNP ) VBZ massive gambling NNS , and a foreign spy , herman NNP , tries to VB him into stealing some secret plans for an explosive .	14	19	VBZ	tries	try	5
the NN space in the full quantum theory has a slightly different structure from that in the classical theory .	2	8	VBZ	has	have	6
speedy delete , the only assertion of notability is a pretty obvious hoax .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
a key player in the educational field in NNP is the supreme council of communication and information technology NN .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the popular trail to the clothing optional black 's beach begins on the cliffs just south of the NN .	2	10	VBZ	begins	begin	8
their JJS vehicle , NNP NNP , has more NN and armor than any other vehicle , but moves the JJS .	2	7	VBZ	has	have	5
articles i created essentially from scratch include rule CD , NNP , NNP , NNP 's theorem , NNP graph , NNP algorithm for egyptian NNS , odd JJ expansion , NNP graph , split graph , NNP configuration , robert p .	0	6	VBP	include	includes	6
NN in these reactions is often low , suggesting that the association between the JJ acid of the base and the NN NN is likely weak .	11	23	VBZ	is	are	12
the john johnson farm in NNP township , NNP county , ohio , united states is a key location in the history of the latter day saint movement and the church of jesus christ of JJ saints ( lds church ) .	3	15	VBZ	is	are	12
the fact that a brand new editor is filing afds has me suspicious .	1	10	VBZ	has	have	9
to put this in context , the death rate from all causes is roughly 1000 per 100 , 000 population .	8	12	VBZ	is	are	4
cities in the district include san rafael , NNP , NNP , windsor , NNP , NNP , fort NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , and crescent city , california .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
the homes in the neighborhood are an architectural mixture from NNP and revival styles of the 1920s and 1930s .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the combined school , named NNP academy , resides on the old NNP county high school premises .	2	8	VBZ	resides	reside	6
to be sure , this whole thing surrounding the question of the removal of this article is certainly give me a very bad experience and impression of wikipedia , and in this day and age of personal experience , that is everything .	6	16	VBZ	is	are	10
multiple appearances in the titles of articles that are secondary sources means that some article with the title of NNP combat is valid for inclusion .	14	21	VBZ	is	are	7
due to the wide breeding range and the fact that the rate of decline , though remarkable , is still not threatening in respect to the enormous overall numbers , the lesser NNP is classified as a species of least concern by the NNP .	11	18	VBZ	is	are	7
lower courts may petition the court for an JJ order during the proceedings on any new and complex point of law ; any such order , however , is not final or JJ .	24	28	VBZ	is	are	4
two songs , `` RB '' and `` thoughts of a dying NN '' , are hidden tracks on the dvd taken from NNP arena .	1	15	VBP	are	is	14
the world of management systems is , after all , characterized by information NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
this is a gross NN of their legal power , and , furthermore , an admin taking it upon himself to delete the page based upon the claims of a lawyer party to the action is a RB bad precedent that will only lead to more and more censorship .	15	35	VBZ	is	are	20
in mathematics , the cake number , VBN by NNP , is the maximum number of regions into which a JJ NN can be VBN by exactly n planes .	5	11	VBZ	is	are	6
the man who arranged for them to come over NNP NNP comes to oz and gets into a NN with both the NNP and irish inmates .	1	11	VBZ	comes	come	10
allowing material harmful to this person is bad , but if it can be prevented without deleting the article we should do so .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
loss of gene activity leads to loss of the ability to VB ( use ) the compound .	0	4	VBZ	leads	lead	4
a line from NNP to NNP via NNP is in place mainly for the purposes of evacuation of iron ore by national mineral development corporation ( NNP ) from NNP with limited passenger trains .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
sixty media representatives from across mississippi determine the trophy recipient .	2	6	VBP	determine	determines	4
the history of protestant christian secondary day school education in grand rapids , michigan dates back to the founding of calvin college and seminary in 1876 and its seven original students .	1	14	VBZ	dates	date	13
the NN to travel on the NNP bus route is half of normal NN and all buses on this route are VBN buses .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the fact that their flowers are usually JJ RB at the end of long stems , makes them popular as cut flowers .	1	16	VBZ	makes	make	15
do not delete - as said before , a list of JJ books is just as valid information as a list of officially published books .	9	13	VBZ	is	are	4
in addition , the fact that the a team has been around for only three years is not a sufficient condition for being non-notable .	4	16	VBZ	is	are	12
the mayor of mineral town informs the player that in the farmer 's will , he left the player the farm .	1	5	VBZ	informs	inform	4
the incumbent master of senior boys ' boarding is mr r NNP whilst the junior boys ' NN is mr m NNP .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the winning of NNS to christianity , on the other hand , is something that is actively pursued .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
the fact that it does work with the various NNS in the country as well as un organizations means that it is a valid entity even though it might not appear as frequently on the web .	1	18	VBZ	means	mean	17
in one of the newest traditions held in the spring , students representing a NN of academic disciplines have the opportunity to showcase their original scholarly work in an interactive format that is open the public .	11	18	VBP	have	has	7
the mission of the river city brass is to VB and VB musical culture , primarily american musical culture , across a broad spectrum of the public through the presentation of brass band performances , educational programs and the production of recordings .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
it strikes me of being of limited interest , and the fact that there is a charge to retrieve any of the actual pages makes it not very useful for most people NNS and makes me fear that it could be VBN as a form of advertising .	11	24	VBZ	makes	make	13
the history of JJ translation of the bible begins with the NNP .	1	8	VBZ	begins	begin	7
this idea in NNP 's philosophy is this conception of time which refers to a succession of states of mind .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
her NNS , identified by the colour of their armour , include the JJ red NNP , JJ blue NNP , and the JJ yellow NNP .	1	11	VBP	include	includes	10
the beer 's slogan `` NNP UH , NNP NN '' means `` my beer , my country '' in NNP .	3	11	VBZ	means	mean	8
most cable of this kind is JJ or VBN JJ in nature .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the NNS used in the picture are the three NNS x , y , z given by the three NNS of 1 , 0 , 0 for the entries x , y , z .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
other NN chains present in the city are NNP ( two centers ) , NNP , NNP ( known in spain as NNP ) and NNP .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
the ordinary decision rule for VBG the mean of a NN JJ distribution is JJ under mean VBN error risk in dimension at least 3 .	3	13	VBZ	is	are	10
operation of the pump creates NN ( a lower pressure ) at the NN side so that fluid can enter the pump through the inlet .	0	4	VBZ	creates	create	4
descent prevents the VBG ' tactics players were capable of in NNP - the deck the NNP uses in descent acts as a NN , so every action taken by the heroes comes with a price .	14	32	VBZ	comes	come	18
in NN , a key distribution center ( NNP ) is part of a NN intended to reduce the risks inherent in VBG keys .	6	10	VBZ	is	are	4
but due to a bad judgement call by collins leading to an NN td , and a RB missed block by NNP leading to jefferson VBG the football , NNP leads the game JJ at the half .	19	30	VBZ	leads	lead	11
the official journal of the NNP is the journal of gene medicine .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the stack point is the NN of the NN , and a group of stack points forms a NN pattern , as shown in the image to the right .	12	16	VBZ	forms	form	4
as a volunteer notes , the best part is that the items produced by these women are in demand because of their quality and hence are getting bulk orders .	11	16	VBP	are	is	5
admission to some private schools is often highly selective .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
parts of the existing NN have JJ ruins built into the foundation and some inner walls , VBD to be evidence of an earlier building on this site .	0	5	VBP	have	has	5
the site of the seminary dates back to CD , when it was purchased by henry viii 's chancellor , st thomas more .	1	5	VBZ	dates	date	4
some examples of films on the subject are the wild one ( 1953 ) , rebel without a cause ( 1955 ) , and the breakfast club ( 1985 ) .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
no statues of people on NN remain today .	1	6	VBP	remain	remains	5
the board , elected by participating members of its non-profit society , has authority under the society act and independent school act .	1	12	VBZ	has	have	11
diverse trails within the park provide walks to the salt marsh and to such points of interest as baker 's cave , tony 's nose and shipyard .	1	5	VBP	provide	provides	4
JJ theories point to his NN and NN , this is JJ .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
note that many traditional JJ roles , such as press NN or cultural NN , are not formal titles in diplomatic practice , although they may be used as a matter of custom .	5	15	VBP	are	is	10
a company standard by men NNP , a manufacturer of embedded computers , VBZ the NNP concept and the different types of modules .	2	13	VBZ	specifies	specify	11
the JJ NNP commercials by the state petroleum company NNP are especially popular .	3	10	VBP	are	is	7
NNS can attend classes , exercises or VBG sessions for a set range of `` fixed donations '' ; however , membership without courses or VBG is possible .	21	26	VBZ	is	are	5
the nearest approach to NNP among the NNPS is a form , counted as a NN , for the NN of NNS and JJ persons , prayers from which are occasionally used in cases of other NNS .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
most tram stops in melbourne and toronto have no associated platforms , and stop in the middle of the road ; traffic can not legally pass a tram whose doors are open , unless the tram is behind a safety zone .	2	7	VBP	have	has	5
the lyrics for `` NNP NNP '' , composed by harrison and also on the beatles , include the line `` we all know JJ , but can you show me where you are .	1	17	VBP	include	includes	16
the type and only species is r .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the julian calendar ( chapters CD ) here , NNP gives an JJ overview of the date of the earth 's creation , the months , the weeks and the moon .	2	10	VBZ	gives	give	8
the leader of each aforementioned NNS wears a distinctive jersey .	1	6	VBZ	wears	wear	5
meeting for the third straight year , minnesota leads the all time record CD , but the last golden NNP win was in 1960 .	0	8	VBZ	leads	lead	8
the page discovery of JJ NNS gives an account of laser NNS , the developments of this work , links to further reading , and relates the laser context with video feedback systems .	2	6	VBZ	gives	give	4
an argument for protective laws still sometimes VBZ , as with debates over the u .	1	7	VBZ	arises	arise	6
notable players in the orchestra 's alumni include NNP NNP NNP and NNP NNP , both of whom were NNS .	1	7	VBP	include	includes	6
the NNP highway 's intersection with NNP trail ( highway 22 ) is east of the hamlet .	4	12	VBZ	is	are	8
the city of NNP ( population 5 , CD is the largest centre in the constituency .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
implications for who we are and how we change .	0	8	VBP	change	changes	8
today , the orchestra for most operas is the NNP NNP dresden .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
her jewish mother , NNP , VBZ in all aspects of her life and her JJ christian husband NNP is unreliable , all the people she works with are JJ NNS including the JJ journalist vincent fish .	24	28	VBP	are	is	4
according to 2005 census bureau estimates , the population of the city is 5 , CD .	8	12	VBZ	is	are	4
the 3 NNS of this enzyme are JJ , JJ n , and NNP , whereas its 3 products are NNP , NN g , and NNP .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
JJ acid is released from coal mining , and although the NN process is slow , the time it takes for the acid to VB is equally as slow .	17	25	VBZ	is	are	8
gate ) , opened in CD by the NN ( minister of state ) NNP JJ NNP ; still remains .	10	19	VBZ	remains	remain	9
furthermore , the extended size of the picture box appears wholly JJ .	4	9	VBZ	appears	appear	5
a third form of the game uses two NNS of VBG colors , with one determining the piece that can move , and the other the number of moves that the piece makes .	26	32	VBZ	makes	make	6
the ecological NN of the developed countries is between 3 and 5 times larger than the average ecological NN that the earth system can VB without an impact on its vital cycles .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the february 2011 issue of naval history magazine includes an article , `` when frank jack met NNP , '' by steven d .	3	8	VBZ	includes	include	5
the subject in the image is dead , and it is thus believed that there are no free NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the current name `` NNP '' ending with an a is incorrect as the locality was originally called `` NNP '' as can be seen on NNP NNP hammer 's map from CD .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
geographical coordinates and the interactive services linked to them , such as my project the NNP , are a great example of what sets an online encyclopedia apart from the print medium .	1	17	VBP	are	is	16
the main enemy of the game is a JJ but intelligent RB known as the NNP , whose guns are VBG the violence in the country .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the JJ distance in these NNS is near 1 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
major crops in the area are NNS , corn , wheat , NNS , NNS and NNS .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
NNP media award for gender NNP '' is sufficient .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
also these JJ NNS carry a NN momentum which does not VB NNP NN despite the NN phase NN , the basic properties of this kind of JJ NNS are very different from NNP NN solutions .	22	29	VBP	are	is	7
as the constitution places emphasis on the need for democratic NN as well as general elections , it may be reasonable to VB that the structure of the constitution provides for a right to vote as a fundamental instrument of democratic NN .	25	29	VBZ	provides	provide	4
an accident with a gun causes him to flee london , leaving behind the small inheritance left by his father .	1	5	VBZ	causes	cause	4
i 'm VBG that it means that a third of the mass mentioned is NNP rather than NN , but the fact that i have to guess is bad .	21	27	VBZ	is	are	6
well , your username is that of a commercial publisher , and the link you were VBG is to their web site .	13	17	VBZ	is	are	4
a terrain park , featuring NNS , boxes , and NNS , is available to freestyle NNS and NNS .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
the difficulty of this task is further VBN by the need to reach both general and specialized audiences of readers .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the city was initially developed on the hills , which allowed for defensive fortifications , and the western parts of the city are the most RB .	18	22	VBP	are	is	4
an example of a NN in aircraft design is that the lift generated by a wing must be equal to the weight of the aircraft .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
it has also been shown that certain NNS produced by bacteria are JJ to the host , and can work in concert with the JJ capability of the NNS released by dying NNS .	7	11	VBP	are	is	4
the JJ point of control from NNP 's is not an exact duplicate of the market profile point of control ( 13 ) .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
NNS that occur after the NN are generally less effective compared to planned JJ adaptation .	0	6	VBP	are	is	6
all questions about normal human NN NN levels are only JJ for specified age and sex .	1	8	VBP	are	is	7
the window in the west wall is a `` wheel window '' , with six lights and a central NN , all in sandstone .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the JJ tradition of tibetan buddhism identifies five NNS and eight NNS within the practice of NN meditation .	2	6	VBZ	identifies	identify	4
the minimum JJ distance for a lighter plane to follow behind a heavier plane is ; the NNP was only behind the NNP airplane .	3	14	VBZ	is	are	11
the present form of the name is in use since 1918 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the medieval records known as the hundred rolls show that NNP came from the ancient town of NNP green , today part of a district of east london in england .	2	8	VBP	show	shows	6
brown goes on to suggest that `` NNP 's repeated use of JJ NNS as channels of grace suggests graham greene , j .	10	18	VBZ	suggests	suggest	8
yet some editors ( tough they have clearly conflict of interest per RB or RB ) do not stay away from such titles , they do not state their origin or possible bias , yet VBP others as NN .	2	6	VBP	have	has	4
locks similar to these early pound locks still exist on the river , although in many cases they have been enlarged and VBN .	0	8	VBP	exist	exists	8
a way to VB a commitment scheme is to think of the NN as putting the value in a locked box , and giving the box to the receiver .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the main character , charlie brown , is JJ , nervous and lacks NN .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the interface for asking a question is very JJ .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
almost all radio stations in NNP are JJ , by the NNP radio and television corporation though privately owned radio stations like the JJ voice fm , which serves the country 's indian community , operate in the country .	20	35	VBP	operate	operates	15
many modern NNS including greece and victoria ( australia ) are highly dependent on brown coal for electricity .	2	10	VBP	are	is	8
the journalism program of the faculty is a center of development while the departments of literature , legal management and philosophy are centers of excellence .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
several JJ NNS RB related to NNP , a NN receptor NN , have been isolated from the plant , but the primary JJ constituent responsible for the plant 's JJ effects has not yet been identified .	24	32	VBZ	has	have	8
a player in cancer education and JJ research , the cancer center provides JJ , JJ , and JJ cancer programs and services .	1	12	VBZ	provides	provide	11
in `` the adventure of the copper NNP '' , watson fires at and kills the NN .	3	11	VBZ	fires	fire	8
while other issues , such as the popularity and impact on popular culture have an impact , generally a restaurant chain becomes notable if there are enough individual locations that knowledge of the chain 's existence is very widespread .	2	13	VBP	have	has	11
an acquired brain injury ( NNP ) is brain damage caused by events after birth , rather than as part of a genetic or JJ disorder such as JJ alcohol syndrome , JJ illness or JJ NN .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
often , the writer of the code is wrong .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
according to NNP , the first stage of the feature integration theory is the JJ stage .	6	12	VBZ	is	are	6
for NNP , there is a tax NN for contributions to a NNP , and NNS of contributions and investment income are all JJ .	15	21	VBP	are	is	6
the name of the town is an NN to charles NNP , writer of many of the original NNP zone episodes .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
in addition , the clock tower of the NNP serves as the logo for NNP ride .	5	9	VBZ	serves	serve	4
two little words , where one member of each team is JJ by wearing the NNP NNP and the others are given the name of a musician or band .	6	10	VBZ	is	are	4
other sites where NNP ruins were discovered are at NNP , near NNP , peru and the recently discovered ( 2008 ) northern NNP ruins near the city of NNP .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
although a JJ locality , marble hill is too small to have its own NN .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
other major towns in the county are NNP in the township of the same name and NNP in the northeastern corner of NNP township .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
from the point of view of a buddhist economist , the most rational way of economic life is being JJ and producing local resources for local needs and depending on NNS and NNS is JJ and JJ only in a few cases and on a small scale .	13	33	VBZ	is	are	20
legends of the game include players like NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
people in the us are widely suspicious that NNP has been helped RB by its former ceo , vice president NNP .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
because VBG points exist only when parallel lines are present in the scene , a perspective with no VBG points ( `` NN '' perspective ) occurs if the viewer is VBG a JJ scene .	15	26	VBZ	occurs	occur	11
note that indian star NNS and some other species display this NN naturally .	4	9	VBP	display	displays	5
later NNS of fast break have a stronger NN NN taste .	1	5	VBP	have	has	4
many VBN attractions across the united states now feature NN NNS and effects .	2	8	VBP	feature	features	6
the VBN value of that sheet is one million NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the version related by NNP [ 1 ] holds that when NNP lay with the goddess NNP , and she was to deliver NNP and apollo , NNP sent NNP to pursue her throughout the lands , so that she could not be delivered WRB the sun NN .	1	8	VBZ	holds	hold	7
NNP soon learns that the life of a magical girl is not the NN fantasy she VBN and is instead filled with tragedy and NN .	5	10	VBZ	is	are	5
however , a NN against this disease is not available in all countries .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
in this linear program , zero clock NN is merely a JJ point - the solution to the linear program generally gives a clock period that is less than what is achieved by zero NN .	15	21	VBZ	gives	give	6
act on principles , a privately funded organization that was founded by several authors of the dallas principles , incorporates the dallas principles in their call for action .	7	19	VBZ	incorporates	incorporate	12
the original structure , some of which is still extant in the present west wing , was originally intended to be temporary .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the NNP annual conference , usually held in july , provides sessions for parents , teachers , NNS and gifted adults , and workshops and activities for kids and teens .	3	10	VBZ	provides	provide	7
the pursuit of knowledge by NN is always JJ to what james ( 1890 , pp .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
NNP 's goal in telling NNP this is to make sure that NNP does not receive any important NNS , instead allowing him to take the critical role of watching the general flow of the battle in case he needs to take over for NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
an example of this category is the danger of fire to the NNP in NNP since the fire in august 1993 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
both `` NNS '' and `` hey baby ( new rising sun ) '' are in early stages of production , featuring basic tracks which might ultimately have been JJ .	2	14	VBP	are	is	12
books and publications on aspects of celtic studies are numerous , a notable one being that of kenneth h .	0	8	VBP	are	is	8
the titles in the before independence section are now standard in european history .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
students at hunter often enjoy various social events that are sponsored by the school administration , faculty and the JJ general organization .	0	4	VBP	enjoy	enjoys	4
teachers of core subjects teach no more than 64 students in a NN .	0	4	VBP	teach	teaches	4
the people who tell you they care about the world , sure , because you have to be pretty stuck up to go around telling people how JJ you are .	1	15	VBP	have	has	14
women who have received JJ wear NNS and cover their head with a NN NN , while other women cover their head with the end of the NN .	0	19	VBP	cover	covers	19
npov does not apply on the essay space , the only way to answer essays is to write a NN .	11	15	VBZ	is	are	4
NN to the garden of eden occurs frequently in the book .	0	6	VBZ	occurs	occur	6
administrative and faculty offices , classrooms of various sizes , two NNS , study areas and a NN law library are all under one roof , along with a NN room , caf , NN area and offices for student organizations .	5	20	VBP	are	is	15
NNP and NNP , but the placement of a yellow lion on white is a violation of JJ principles , and also creates a NN problem .	6	13	VBZ	is	are	7
the reason that is given is that he has a NN and needs fresh sea air .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the soft NNS and JJ shores of these streams are ideal for VBG .	2	9	VBP	are	is	7
the corporations responsible for the feed have an JJ power in this future america .	1	6	VBP	have	has	5
its weekly party , `` NNP , '' is the longest running club night of any kind in philadelphia , having run continuously since its debut in january 1996 .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the use of the NN as everyday dress by NNP males in western new guinea is still common .	1	15	VBZ	is	are	14
although an important political set of facts , this article is entirely copyvio and a personal narrative .	4	10	VBZ	is	are	6
each NN of an NNP typically consists of a layer of molecules aligned between two transparent NNS , and two VBG NNS , the NNS of transmission of which are ( in most of the cases ) VBP to each other .	1	6	VBZ	consists	consist	5
and the origin of the name remains a mystery in that case too .	2	6	VBZ	remains	remain	4
the JJ work on the battle is 1957 's the bridge at NNP by the american author ken NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
stories of NN by members of the NNP continue to be promoted by the people 's republic of china government even to this day , and appear in school NNS .	0	8	VBP	continue	continues	8
the cause of death of two soldiers who died in the first half of 2003 has yet to be VBN .	1	15	VBZ	has	have	14
the management board of the foundation consists of two NNP appointed by NNP , three members of the general public nominated by the council of ministers and approved by NNP , and a representative from both the isle of man arts council and NNP national heritage .	2	6	VBZ	consists	consist	4
the goal of operational effectiveness as a strategy is to perform internal business activities better than competitors , making the company easier or more JJ to do business with than other market choices .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
nonetheless , the contrast of JJ primary reds and whites serves to achieve an emotional effect typical of van der NNP 's best work .	3	10	VBZ	serves	serve	7
the precise definition of a `` child '' for immigration purposes is complex , taking into account the various NNS of JJ , NN , and JJ relationships that are possible .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
the businesses that provide farmers with seeds , equipment , chemicals and other goods and services use the data when planning their marketing strategies .	1	16	VBP	use	uses	15
the only factors that could change this is if the perceived threat against israel dramatically rises , or iran is VBN by other world powers ( national pride could be a large factor behind VBG more support for NNP NNP ) .	11	15	VBZ	rises	rise	4
the figure to the right is a JJ victory , VBN in mail and wearing a helmet .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
german buildings from this period include NNP abbey .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
the airline codes of its predecessor are still in use , and the former NN NNP remained in use until it was changed to NNP on 24 september 2010 .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
his response to warnings and relevant NN is to become increasingly JJ .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the aim of the NN is to VB you into doing all the work , or better yet VBG them .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
details about dixon 's childhood are JJ .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
a small group of houses on NNP road mark the beginning of the village and the village boundary is near NNP .	2	8	VBZ	mark	marks	6
the NN to the album contains 19 facts about the history of NN and the positive attributes of NN .	1	5	VBZ	contains	contain	4
i disagree , the author of the work is definitely a separate source .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
the main difference between NN and NNP syndrome is that in NNP 's there is no significant delay .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the mission of the international nonprofit NNP , established in 1896 , is to reduce the worldwide burden of fire and other NNS on the quality of life by providing and VBG consensus codes and standards , research , training , and education .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
the space a battle occupies depends on the range of the weapons of the NNS .	1	5	VBZ	depends	depend	4
notable temples in the province are the NNP NNP NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP NNP , and NNP NNP .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
from the point of view of the NNP container , any code in another NNP is remote .	11	15	VBZ	is	are	4
the model says , essentially , that if one NNP ( here the light ) already fully VBZ that the us will come , nothing will be learned about a second NNP ( here the tone ) that VBZ the first NNP .	13	17	VBZ	predicts	predict	4
the finite mind can not VB NN - and the soul , which comes from god , is infinite .	10	17	VBZ	is	are	7
individual homes , small businesses and other structures are most frequently affected when an internal NN VBZ up gas inside the structure .	1	8	VBP	are	is	7
one such student from the NNP NNP school who eventually completed upper secondary education and went on to become a dental surgeon is dr NNP NNP , who then established her practice , NNP NNP NNP ( NNP dental clinic ) in NNP NNP , malaysia .	2	22	VBZ	is	are	20
entrance to the school is by competitive examination , and students may take the caribbean examinations council examination , or NNP , upon graduation .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
most witnesses at a public inquiry say as little as possible and do their best to VB their NN thoughts '' , NNP VBD .	1	6	VBP	say	says	5
the branch , which opened in january 1990 , has a central copper dome with two smaller VBD structures , which were designed to resemble and NNS of horse farms which at one time prevalent in green township .	1	9	VBZ	has	have	8
the two trumpet front line employed by NNP NNP NNP is a trademark sound that leads some musical NNS to VB any group with `` NN '' in its name if it does n't feature an JJ brass section .	4	10	VBZ	is	are	6
its members are typically chosen from a majority coalition in the lower house of parliament ( the NNP ) , although exceptions to this rule are not uncommon .	21	25	VBP	are	is	4
the most common use of the term ballad in modern pop music is for an emotional love song .	3	12	VBZ	is	are	9
a JJ flag ( also known as an auxiliary flag or NNP RB flag ) is a condition code flag bit in the status register in many NNP ( e .	2	15	VBZ	is	are	13
interesting since not a single person responsible for the NN agrees .	5	10	VBZ	agrees	agree	5
an example of a NNP NN is on display at the NNP NNP museum in NNP , wisconsin .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
arbitrary application of the rule promotes well .	1	5	VBZ	promotes	promote	4
the other rock formations in this section of the watershed are mostly JJ and JJ minerals .	3	10	VBP	are	is	7
the closest thing to an edit war he and i get into is he reverts my removal of the list and some of my wording changes , and i go back to replace the wording changes .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
the most common reason for lack of NN is a poorly defined unit cell , which must be charge neutral to avoid infinite NNS .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
the fact that al NNP won the nobel peace prize is notable .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
VBG , NN , water sports and beach activities are also popular NNS .	5	9	VBP	are	is	4
parts NNS supported by various NNS exist especially in the united states .	1	6	VBP	exist	exists	5
in addition , pov statement in the article that attempts to establish notability by claiming that the subject had a role in significantly raising public awareness is JJ .	4	26	VBZ	is	are	22
the symbolic NN are JJ by school children in art classes , civic groups and NNS at activity centers , so no two NNS are identical .	13	24	VBP	are	is	11
the NN clubs for this stadium include NNP of NNP and NNP of NNP .	2	6	VBP	include	includes	4
the term `` southwest houston '' often refers to the area that opened in the years following world war ii , when they were considered to be suburbs , such as NNP southwest , NNP , NNP and NNP .	1	7	VBZ	refers	refer	6
an alternative definition of the intersection number of a graph is that it is the smallest number of NNS in ( complete NN of ) that together cover all of the edges of .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
some forces , including friction , air drag , and the magnetic force on a charged particle , depend on the particle 's velocity as well as its position .	1	18	VBP	depend	depends	17
the length of the NNS is JJ mm for males and JJ mm for females which are generally larger , darker , more RB marked and have more rounded wings .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
dave NNP did a cover of the song , a duet with steve taylor , on his 1987 album the NNP .	10	18	VBZ	album	album	8
keep -- victoria cross NNS , like mps and peers , are notable .	4	11	VBP	are	is	7
one strength of an explicit JJ framework is that it allows us to make NNS about the NNS of the airlines if and when the JJ outcome breaks down , and NN and VBG these price wars in light of different equilibrium concepts .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the interest in the restoration of links is therefore for me more than serious .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the most evident NN of the stroke is the NN of the back .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the very JJ thing you could do is VB that probability at b .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
RB , there is no NN you can use because the important differences between different languages require completely different programming structures .	12	16	VBP	require	requires	4
the goal of wikiproject bible is to improve the quality and quantity of information about bible available on wikipedia .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the motivation to create games varies per individual .	1	5	VBZ	varies	vary	4
an alternative receptor for NNP NN NN on JJ cells is JJ JJ ( NNP ) , which VBZ at JJ NN .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
the saturday night fever soundtrack , featuring disco songs by the bee NNP , is one of the best selling NNS of all time .	4	14	VBZ	is	are	10
the product giving rise to most of the NNS in plain g is actually NNP , see [ 1 ] .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
a prose article buses in essex is entirely suitable however ( or even buses in NNP ) .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
a good thing about this cite is its divided by grades and communities .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
their wonderful colors , VBG behavioral characteristics and relative NN make them very popular despite their unique demands for the home NN .	2	10	VBP	make	makes	8
french forces under NNP de NNP , NNP de NNP defeat the spanish under raymond of NNP , but NNP is killed in the pursuit .	1	10	VBP	defeat	defeats	9
major high street banks in the uk offer a `` basic bank account '' for people with poor credit history , which does not offer an NN facility but will permit deposits and NNS , usually a cash card , and sometimes a NN card or NN book .	3	7	VBP	offer	offers	4
topics included at this level include most infrastructure of kelly NNP .	0	5	VBP	include	includes	5
while NNP comes down firmly in the end for the reality of a holy NN , the path he takes to that NN VBZ completely the NNS and NNS VBG any explorer of the fusion of body and soul .	17	23	VBZ	acknowledges	acknowledge	6
article 110 of the criminal code also provides punishment for driving a person to suicide ( by NN , threats or NN ) .	0	7	VBZ	provides	provide	7
the very fact that these `` seeds '' are spoken of at all indicates a double influence .	2	13	VBZ	indicates	indicate	11
students from the neighboring town of salem also attend east NNP high school .	0	8	VBP	attend	attends	8
the highest point in the county is NNP ridge NNP , which rises to 6 , CD feet ( 1 , CD m ) above sea level .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
light NNS with the JJ NN NNP have a NN higher risk of developing lung cancer compared to light NNS with the normal NN .	1	7	VBP	have	has	6
the texts of the mass as it was celebrated in norway and the other lands of the metropolitan province of NNP before the protestant reformation survives in a copy of the printed NNP of CD and in three manuscript texts , b ( c .	1	25	VBZ	survives	survive	24
NNS , like NN and NNS , produce NNS , VBD into NN NN .	0	7	VBP	produce	produces	7
general statements by a person that he or she would not want to live in such a condition are not acceptable under the decision .	1	18	VBP	are	is	17
you are effectively saying that any action committed by a muslim is by definition related to islam .	6	11	VBZ	is	are	5
an increase in camp with the administration of NN in JJ smooth muscle produces NN by VBG calcium NN by the JJ NN ( a special type of smooth NNP ) and VBG the calcium available for NN .	1	13	VBZ	produces	produce	12
relations between the church and its fellow members of the JJ movement are JJ , but remained VBN with the country 's roman catholic leadership .	0	12	VBP	are	is	12
and the actors in the the closer all appear to have had starring roles in other things .	2	8	VBP	appear	appears	6
i agree that the lead , though short , contains the relevant points .	4	9	VBZ	contains	contain	5
though most members of the family are close , they each have different ways of expressing their love .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
first shops selling ice cream appear in north america .	1	5	VBP	appear	appears	4
some special JJ cars ( such as the NNP NNP NNP race car POS ) are not visible in the vehicle NNS , and a few do not have corresponding NNS , and thus are JJ , for example , the formula NNP NNP ( NNP car ) .	3	15	VBP	are	is	12
note that there are JJ NNS for both jersey and NNP ( inactive since jan and only 1 person is a member ( the same person , NN of both ) but they do exist ) .	0	19	VBZ	is	are	19
the NN given name from the same NN is NNP or NNP .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
a JJ site containing copyright violations is .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the usual fate of any river flowing through urban india is a JJ death after being converted to an ugly NN .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
for instance , the very first sentence in the very first book in this search says that coal balls are found in the NNP .	6	15	VBZ	says	say	9
in the construction industry , site managers , often referred to as construction managers , site agents or building managers , are responsible for the JJ on site running of a construction project .	13	21	VBP	are	is	8
fair use in escape from paradise NNP this image is subject to copyright , i feel its use is covered by the u .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the capacity of the stands is 43 , CD spectators , all seated and VBN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the only towns in NNP NNP county are NNP NNP , which lies west of NNP NNP , and the border town of NNP , east of NNP NNP .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
an older form of layer cake is common in southern and eastern europe .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
another neighborhood mother , NNP , approaches NNP with a NN NN .	2	6	VBZ	approaches	approach	4
NNP portions rather extensive NNS occur .	1	5	VBP	occur	occurs	4
costs follow the event '' the law of costs in england and wales is typical of common law NNS , save that of the united states .	6	13	VBZ	is	are	7
the NN after `` lecturer '' seems JJ , unless there 's something i 'm missing there .	1	6	VBZ	seems	seem	5
a farming social network game similar to NNP , the gameplay mainly deals with farm management such as VBG land , VBG , growing , NN , VBG and raising livestock .	4	12	VBZ	deals	deal	8
in this description NNP notices that the flowers of this species turn orange color when NN and , for some confusion regarding the origin of the species , attributes it to mexico instead of brazil .	7	11	VBP	turn	turns	4
the fossil record of NN eggs is JJ since their soft , JJ eggs VBD quickly and have little chance to VB .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the basic data structure for a matrix is a JJ array .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
other genes being investigated as JJ factors or JJ targets include NNP , NNP , NNP , and NNP .	1	10	VBP	include	includes	9
links to VBG lists of JJ trivia are virtually never JJ and NN and just VB up articles with excess blue that VBZ the mind .	0	7	VBP	are	is	7
the NN of thermal expansion describes how the size of an object changes with a change in temperature .	1	5	VBZ	describes	describe	4
if anything , it is NNP who is introducing JJ terms to the article in question , while most modern sources which i quoted on the talk of the article use the modern term .	20	30	VBP	use	uses	10
as for NNP and NNP , if those articles ( which cover distinct topics ) contain speculation , the solution is to remove it , not use it as precedent to keep other speculation .	8	15	VBP	contain	contains	7
if the health care NNS goes well , the possibilities of working with net to present our side of the story are virtually JJ ( NNP 's , district by district NN , etc .	9	21	VBP	are	is	12
the largest city in the county , NNP is the principal city of the NNP NNP statistical area .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
because of the number of trees usually present in a natural cemetery , NNS occur in whatever location and orientation best fits the natural environment as opposed to the more traditional rows or other JJ arrangements in traditional NNS .	17	21	VBZ	fits	fit	4
another characteristic for which i think he will be famous is the singular NN of his NNS , the singular NN of his career .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
a single NN from each platforms leads to a landing that contains a JJ NN before reaching the street NNS .	2	6	VBZ	leads	lead	4
major award winners , deaths of significant actors are probably fine .	2	8	VBP	are	is	6
the future of the NNP mine remains uncertain , as all mines in the NNP area continue to be abandoned .	1	6	VBZ	remains	remain	5
it is essential to remember that the sets in l ( a ) or l [ a ] are usually not actually JJ and that the properties of these models may be quite different from the properties of l itself .	7	18	VBP	are	is	11
today , a majority of the tribe 's income comes from gaming , especially from the NNP queen casino .	3	9	VBZ	comes	come	6
the exact NNS of the small hamburg group led by hugo NNP and hans NNP , who planned the uprising , remain unknown .	2	21	VBP	remain	remains	19
the ore reserves around this area are home to major business houses of NN like NNP NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP etc .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
other NNS like NNP or NNP generally save state to VBN and reserved machine NNS .	1	7	VBP	save	saves	6
other species , such as NNS , persian NNP , and NNS reside in the reserve .	1	12	VBP	reside	resides	11
the method of turning on NNP genes in heart muscle cells is a new method being VBD that , so far , has shown promise for being effective .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
of course i know that lots of external links are to JJ and unreliable sources .	5	9	VBP	are	is	4
comment if someone RB thinks an rfc would do anything , by all means open one .	0	4	VBZ	thinks	think	4
the industry in south africa is in its NN , with production volumes being very low , even compared to its continental peers where egypt and nigeria lead the pack .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
geographic features near the great basin include the continental divide of the americas , the great divide basin , and the gulf of california .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
his successor - the JJ billy joe NNP - seems to be working out well for boss and NNP , since he gets the best of bo and luke .	1	9	VBZ	seems	seem	8
that part of the article is unsourced .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
three fire stations , station 18 east end , station 20 NNP park , and station 23 NNP are in fire district 20 .	2	18	VBP	are	is	16
this case , however , is about VBG .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the object of the spread offense is to open up multiple vertical NNS for both the running and passing game to VB , as the defense is forced to spread itself thin across the field ( a `` horizontal stretch '' ) to cover everyone .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the song of this bird is a bright NN NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
trees of special significance include oak ( NNS ) , NN ( NN ) , JJ ( NN ) , and NN ( NN ) .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
formula one drivers and team owners merge .	2	6	VBP	merge	merges	4
RB RB , i can understand why the account of the massacre raises your NNS so RB much .	8	12	VBZ	raises	raise	4
general topics discussed in the work include family , alcohol abuse , relationships , NN , sex and gender , and personality .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
the stated aim of the project is to create a `` new NN of knowledge '' based on the contributions of `` NNS '' , defined as `` educated , thinking people who read about science or ideas regularly '' .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the yellow fever virus NN , a JJ strain called CD , is probably the JJS and most effective NN ever generated .	4	12	VBZ	is	are	8
the article as it currently stands is nothing more than a JJ entry .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
child of all nations is the second book in NNP NNP NNP 's epic quartet called NNP quartet , first published by NNP NNP in 1980 .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP is essential to life ( it is involved in many NNS ) , but the NNS that people have are not JJ , even if they increase the risk of NN .	16	20	VBP	are	is	4
department libraries and college libraries complete the information service to students .	1	5	VBP	complete	completes	4
the examination of the political factor helps us arrive at a knowledge of certain NNS which VBP in the field of social NN and anthropology .	1	6	VBZ	helps	help	5
the very act of opening at ani thread on someone is never a neutral act .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
i have no clue where the second section of the quote comes from so i will not comment on it .	7	11	VBZ	comes	come	4
one question raised by this approach is whether a NN can VB assets in switzerland or NNP without having to bring a claim in the JJ jurisdiction .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the choice , and our people 's fate , is NNS .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
juice magazine run in los angeles seeks to update the wikipedia page for juice magazine that was previously dedicated to a small magazine this is currently out of publication .	2	6	VBZ	seeks	seek	4
the administrative district ( JJ NN ) of the same name consists of municipal districts prague 13 and NNP .	2	11	VBZ	consists	consist	9
conflict with other NNS is a major theme shown throughout the album .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
the NN , whether by one or more aircraft or vessels , usually has a specific mission .	1	13	VBZ	has	have	12
however , NNP may interact with other drugs that a patient is taking , so the usual medical and pharmaceutical NNS against JJ interactions or NNP remain JJ .	20	26	VBP	remain	remains	6
friction NNS for ice NNS are around or below 0 .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the article on NNP code indicates the us system began in 1943 but using 2 JJ postal zones .	1	5	VBZ	indicates	indicate	4
web , and does not help that the member section of the article is down right VBG NN .	9	13	VBZ	is	are	4
an electronic control unit ( NNP ) talks to each NN and creates an internal map of each NN position , and scales the video input across the whole display .	3	7	VBZ	talks	talk	4
thus , the two NNS of this enzyme are atp and NN , whereas its two products are NNP and NNP .	4	8	VBP	are	is	4
a NN bid that VBZ CD indicates a control while VBG a strong hand ( in case partner is strong ) .	2	6	VBZ	indicates	indicate	4
its call or NN rather resembles the sound `` NN , NN '' .	1	5	VBZ	resembles	resemble	4
we have never held that the constitutional standard for VBG claims of JJ racial discrimination is identical to the standards applicable under title vii , and we decline to do so today .	7	15	VBZ	is	are	8
failure to have an NN routine causes the program to be terminated with an NNP error .	0	6	VBZ	causes	cause	6
michelle jordan ( destiny NNP ) is a young JJ JJ girl whose mother , NNP jordan ( NNP NNP ) , goes after man after man , VBG her child who has never met her father .	13	22	VBZ	goes	go	9
her JJ book meetings with writers , published in 1929 , tells of her NNS with NNP and others .	2	11	VBZ	tells	tell	9
at the opening of the following essay , the mistake of calling joseph ii the emperor franz joseph is so JJ that i have let it stand in the text in the hope that the public NN will make me more careful in the future .	9	18	VBZ	is	are	9
the use of flexible thin film NN modules provides fluid integration with steel VBG NNS that VBZ the building 's design .	1	8	VBZ	provides	provide	7
the only reason people fled greece is because of the side they took during the civil war .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the NNS of the NNP , these are artificial NNS created by NNS , which are NNS that contain NNS .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
the functional parts of the tool are usually diamond segments .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
in mathematics the NN angle of a point in JJ coordinates or JJ coordinates is the NN angle between the positive NN and the projection of the vector onto the NN .	4	14	VBZ	is	are	10
today a member of the NNP plaza chain owned by the NNP hotels group , the grade ii listed art NNS hotel building has an unusual history .	2	23	VBZ	has	have	21
the NN gas of a jet engine contains NNS .	2	7	VBZ	contains	contain	5
the NNP affiliate there was NNP ( channel 52 ) , and the NNP affiliate for rapid city is NNP ( channel 21 .	14	18	VBZ	is	are	4
this section of the conservatory garden has two dramatic seasons of JJ display , of NNS in the spring and korean NNS in the fall .	1	6	VBZ	has	have	5
for NN , if you were trying to list `` egg dishes '' as a category , you would also get things which are not egg dishes , but only contain small amounts of egg as part of the NN .	21	30	VBP	contain	contains	9
the bonus track `` NNP '' is an instrumental version of a song by NNP one , a band which featured founding JJ dawn members NNP NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP and tom NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
another way to VB an essential NN is that the NNP series of f at the point a has RB many negative degree terms ( i .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the term NNP appears in accounts by NNP NNP , the JJ language is one of the NNP ( a .	1	13	VBZ	is	are	12
these results suggested that this NN is activated by acute NN use and possibly means that the NNS it VBZ fire rapidly during acute NN exposure , yet are not affected by long-term use .	17	28	VBP	are	is	11
routes 4 and CD proceed RB on NNP street , turning onto massachusetts avenue and meeting route CD in east lexington , briefly sharing NN with it .	0	4	VBP	proceed	proceeds	4
an example of JJ NN application is JJ application for corn .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the extensive NNS road and trail system is available for hiking , mountain NN , horse riding .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
in classical latin the way i learned it in school , the accent is always on either the second or third NN from the end of the word ( which one , if there are more than two NNS , depends on the specific sounds ) .	30	40	VBZ	depends	depend	10
similarly , an antenna which is longer than its JJ length has JJ NN , and can be RB shortened by adding a loading NN .	3	11	VBZ	has	have	8
recent research shows that the ski protein in JJ cells acts as a NN , VBG VBG growth factor NNP ( NNP NNP ) NN .	6	10	VBZ	acts	act	4
the northern part of the district encompasses a portion of the NNP NNP lake and there is one settlement on the edge of the lake at NNP NNP .	2	6	VBZ	encompasses	encompass	4
a typical NN of friction used on a friction disc surface is 0 .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
the title given to this article is incorrect due to technical limitations .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
other applications of JJ logic include design of JJ logic NNP ( NNP ) with input NNS , NN of finite state machines , testing , and verification .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
hiv NNS ( other types are NNP 's NN and JJ NNS ) .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
as noted above , the function and purpose of the NN remains uncertain .	5	11	VBZ	remains	remain	6
a photograph taken after their victory in the hampshire junior cup in march 1888 shows the NNS worn from either shoulder in a rather JJ fashion .	1	14	VBZ	shows	show	13
the use of JJ or glass , as well as smooth plastic materials , is common in NNS for their ease of cleaning .	1	14	VBZ	is	are	13
items in the museum 's collection include the following .	0	6	VBP	include	includes	6
his guitarist , NNP NNP , is the most successful lead guitarist in india , and his NN , NNP NNP , turned out to be the JJS music NN in NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
well , the impact at the moment is only in the news .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
a passage at the other end leads to the `` NN '' ( i ) , a portion of the JJ buildings always planned with extreme care .	1	6	VBZ	leads	lead	5
you also have to consider that characters in other tv shows such as the NNP still have their own articles , such as ryan NNP , NNP cooper , etc .	6	16	VBP	have	has	10
it has been said that the passion of NNP 's NNS is an ethical one , and that they are VBN not by JJ NN but by the moral ideals of humanity .	6	11	VBZ	is	are	5
some words comprising numerical NNS are hybrid words .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
this measurement includes the legs fully extended front and rear , and the actual length of the body alone is considerably shorter .	14	19	VBZ	is	are	5
the capital and largest city of NNP is the port al NNP .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
players who have previously played for NNP include NNP henry , NNP ben NNP , NNP NNP and NNP NNP .	0	7	VBP	include	includes	7
advanced placement courses offered by the school include NNP ab , statistics , biology , us history , english language and composition , english literature and composition , and world history , among others .	2	7	VBP	include	includes	5
the point of reporting false NNS is to ( a ) enable an edit to be made ( if prevented ) , and ( b ) help make the NNS better .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
likely all the images from the NNP article are non-free .	3	8	VBP	are	is	5
his main influences as a jazz pianist include art NNP , hank jones , oscar peterson , and NNP silver .	2	7	VBP	include	includes	5
the oldest building in the street is NNP 's mansion which was designed by ernst NNP and built between CD and CD .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
your mention of not being `` included in the library and archives canada '' is a NN point .	1	14	VBZ	is	are	13
the NN or jacket on NNS is often JJ to indicate the type of fiber used .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
delete all sources shown to date are JJ by his employer , his church or the company running a competition he entered in with very little success .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the description of the clothing of the hebrew high priest in the book of NNP VBZ the NNP and NNP as being put into the sacred NN , worn by the high priest over the NNP .	1	15	VBZ	portrays	portray	14
the NNS and NNS in my local town centre do that regularly .	1	9	VBP	do	does	8
a pump in a fish tank serves to VB oxygen into the water , for example .	1	6	VBZ	serves	serve	5
the claim that NNP brought the first NNP NNS to california is a subject of controversy .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
from the NN of time , the smallest unit of a video is the frame ( the finest time NN ) .	8	12	VBZ	is	are	4
the flood plains between NNP and NNP are important for nature conservation .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
our attitude toward what 's happening with the war is the lord is VBG this evil nation for VBG all moral NNS that are worth a NN .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the fact that this is under discussion multiple places at once is even more reason to proceed slowly .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
lawrence NNP believes that the ideology , NN , and language of the texts show that it VBZ from the same circle as other JJ works found among the dead sea NNP .	5	17	VBZ	originates	originate	12
the following tale , by the miller , also involves the conflict between two men over a woman .	2	9	VBZ	involves	involve	7
today , the northern party of NNP county is still strongly republican .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
this topic was a subject of lengthy negotiations ; easier passage for croatian citizens through the narrow strip of bosnia and herzegovina territory ( that VBZ croatia 's land territory ) near NNP , in exchange for privileges for bosnia and herzegovina in NNP .	10	25	VBZ	divides	divide	15
it is only after numerous apparent NNS and deaths , that the range of human experience starts to get VBN .	12	16	VBZ	starts	start	4
however , he believes regulation of medical decisions about maternal or JJ health is `` best handled at the state level '' .	4	13	VBZ	is	are	9
the chairman of the governing body of the institute is the chief justice of india .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the slope for the landing is 34 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
whatever the case , a combination of theological and practical concerns seems to have led to the extraordinary JJ mass NN , and the NNP NNP is a powerful theological treatise on human equality .	5	11	VBZ	seems	seem	6
the photo heading the article appears to be of anna roosevelt , NNP ' long time academic opponent .	1	5	VBZ	appears	appear	4
she had a gift for the JJ comment , and her memorable phrases about films and the people of the film world are still frequently quoted by other journalists .	12	22	VBP	are	is	10
in the film adaptation , a machine similar to the drinks NN appears , serving brown NN into a plastic NN glass .	6	12	VBZ	appears	appear	6
the leader of newcastle borough council simon NNP is a may bank ward councillor .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
no traces of the park remain today .	1	5	VBP	remain	remains	4
the seat of the NNP is in NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP syndrome ( also known as NNP ) is an extremely rare and severe genetic disorder .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the study of the motion of bodies is an ancient one , making classical mechanics one of the oldest and largest subjects in science , engineering and technology .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
another reason for keep NNP in the inventory is that NNP can be put away and stored like a log without maintenance for sometime , but NNP requires RB maintenance in storage .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
i strongly VBP on the fact that the behaviour of a user in other NNS of NNP projects is a JJ problem , not a JJ one .	8	18	VBZ	is	are	10
the relationships between the original natural areas of these often exotic animals and plants and commercial collectors , NNS , NNS , NNS and those who promote their understanding and NN are complex and poorly understood .	1	31	VBP	are	is	30
of these , the majority of the town 's population resides in NNP , pleasant hills , NNP , east NNP and NNP center ; NNP and north NNP are much less RB populated .	4	10	VBZ	resides	reside	6
the other major rivers flowing through west NNP district , the NNP , NNP and NNP NNP , are also NNS of the NNP .	3	18	VBP	are	is	15
this high amount of JJ ice on the surface VBZ that the JJ event must have happened more than 100 million years ago .	2	9	VBZ	confirms	confirm	7
the JJ end of the NN ends in a JJ JJ projection known as the NNP ' process .	2	6	VBZ	ends	end	4
the number of translations of contemporary JJ literature into polish is not very big .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
most NNS are classified as NN , because the NNS they are VBN with are JJ .	9	14	VBP	are	is	5
NNP images and images with JJ NN now get 95 years .	1	8	VBP	get	gets	7
very few articles about individual NNP remain .	2	6	VBP	remain	remains	4
thus the effective charge of an electron is actually smaller than its true value , and the charge VBZ with increasing distance from the electron .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the NNP home , on the other hand , represents the NN NN NN .	2	9	VBZ	represents	represent	7
update from nominator this fac seems to be going much more slowly than the first one .	0	5	VBZ	seems	seem	5
the precise times of migration for both species , to and from the breeding NNS , occur during periods of sustained JJ rainfall .	2	16	VBP	occur	occurs	14
while i agree that NNP is a very good editor , i do not feel that the answers given to the above questions indicate the NN understanding of policy that i would expect from an admin candidate .	17	23	VBP	indicate	indicates	6
JJ analysis of genetic data supports a position at the very base of the NN NN .	1	5	VBZ	supports	support	4
the name of the school refers to the blessed virgin mary .	1	5	VBZ	refers	refer	4
the NNP dialect of NNP also uses NN in its NN writing for long NNS .	2	6	VBZ	uses	use	4
the main point ( perhaps even the essential point of this article ) is that there is a great body of theory associated with electrical NNS , and electrical networks in general .	8	13	VBZ	is	are	5
the primary concern and job of an NNP referee is the safety of the fighters .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
JJ cottage at west NNP which was home from CD remains but the museum once operated here is shut .	1	10	VBZ	remains	remain	9
JJ communities in the NNP peninsula and the lower north shore remain , as well as a small community in the NNP islands .	1	11	VBP	remain	remains	10
in texas , the law does not VB NNS from NN or buying JJ beer , but the law does specify that a NN containing more than one half of one percent alcohol by volume is an JJ NN and thus will follow the same restrictions as regular beer .	23	35	VBZ	is	are	12
another distinctive feature of the JJ tract is that , along with the rest of the JJ mass , it has JJ NN , VBG around through 180 degrees during the JJ stage , so that the NN of the animal is located above its head .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
three separate NNS , NNP reef light , NNP light , and white NNP light , warn NNS away from the NN 's VBN coast and mark the western entrance of the NNS of NNP .	2	16	VBP	warn	warns	14
the field of suspension training is a form of resistance training that includes NN exercises in which a variety of NN , compound exercise movements can be performed .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP combines modest size urban development with rural villages and is immediately north of the more populated areas of bolton , bury , manchester and NNP , VBD north of manchester .	5	10	VBZ	is	are	5
the modern edition of noah 's writings is the selected writings of NNP noah edited by michael NNP and daniel NNP , and published by NNP press .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
arabic names for NNP NNP include al TO `` the NNP '' , al TO `` the NNP '' or al NNP al NNP `` the NNP nest '' .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
this part of the church is also the most recent of the original cathedral NNS ; archbishop NNP NNP laid the NN for the west front in CD .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the first thing that needs to be changed is probably the title ( something in the line of NNP NNS , social impact of NN or something ) .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
this is even worse when we remember that wikipedia 's stance on fair use usage is even more JJ than the law permits .	10	15	VBZ	is	are	5
the name `` NNP '' comes from the NNP language spoken by the NNP indians that accompanied the spanish .	1	5	VBZ	comes	come	4
in these materials , electrons that move to the NN band are all of sufficient energy to be VBN from the material and as such , the film that VBZ NNS can be quite thick .	4	11	VBP	are	is	7
the representation of a NN as a product of NNS is not unique ; however , the number of NNS needed to represent a given NN is either always even or always odd .	17	26	VBZ	is	are	9
the 2008 version of NNP ( season 2 ) is unlike the event of the same name in the original american NNP series .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
no matter the outcome , ( pilot ) fringe is highly unlikely to be kept .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
plastic NNS that are VBN with metal are used to VB electronic toll collection devices during NN to the customer , so that a toll charge is not registered if the delivery truck carrying the item passes through a toll booth .	32	36	VBZ	passes	pass	4
the word `` NNP '' is originally of scottish NN , referring to `` JJ mound '' , early burial hills that were landmarks in the NNP region of scotland .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the cost of flying for these members is usually much lower than at other VBG clubs .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
i tend to the view that bishops of major NNS are notable ex NN , in this particular case his responsibility for JJ dialogue also makes him potentially highly influential .	20	25	VBZ	makes	make	5
the third tier , of course , is arbcom .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
after choosing a child to sponsor , the charitable organization that manages the sponsorship typically sends information about the child to the sponsor .	9	15	VBZ	sends	send	6
an example of the former kind is at long beach harbor , california , and an example of the latter kind is san diego harbor , california , which was , under natural conditions , too shallow for modern merchant ships and NNS .	16	21	VBZ	is	are	5
the writer in question is not famous , but the amount of research carried out in an attempt to VB him is JJ .	10	21	VBZ	is	are	11
heat capacity , or thermal capacity , is the JJ physical quantity that VBZ the amount of heat required to change the temperature of an object or body by a given amount .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
NNP 's requests to administrators often ask for topic NNS on users regarding deletion discussions .	2	6	VBP	ask	asks	4
permanent collections that include NNP 's paintings include the brooklyn museum , the NNP , and the museum of american art .	1	7	VBP	include	includes	6
it has led to debates with such figures as kenneth arrow , who RB support the `` NNP '' approach , and argue that the quantity of JJ mathematical models in modern economics is a critical requirement for progress .	25	33	VBZ	is	are	8
the two cities most identified with the lake NNP tourist area are south lake NNP , california and the smaller NNP , nevada ; smaller centers on the northern NN include NNP city and kings beach .	2	11	VBP	are	is	9
a representative sample of donated private collections VBN at the museum includes the following collections organized by family name .	2	11	VBZ	includes	include	9
a merchant navy or merchant marine is the fleet of merchant vessels that are registered in a country , which varies in capacity .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the influences of these languages exist in several dialects in india today .	1	5	VBP	exist	exists	4
some reviewers , however , VBP NNP for JJ plot elements and as lacking character development in the lengthy burke series .	1	5	VBP	criticize	criticizes	4
NNP NNP clearly - clean environment on to VB our try liberal is that all around us JJ and green field .	5	12	VBZ	is	are	7
the mission of the NNP school district is to prepare all of its students to compete successfully in a global society .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the second half of the book contains information on film themes and genres , a listing of production companies and film studios , a JJ , and some movie awards .	2	6	VBZ	contains	contain	4
a limited amount of defence NN takes place within the common security and defence policy .	2	6	VBZ	takes	take	4
other towns lying next to the range are the village of NNP in the northwest , and NNP NNP and NNP in the southeast .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
the secret organization that controls NNP drugs ellis and when she comes to she is tied up and VBN in her car .	2	11	VBZ	comes	come	9
an official in NNP 's ministry of environment estimated that about half of the country 's population lives in regions where the water is severely VBN .	11	17	VBZ	lives	live	6
pictures shown on the album artwork indicate that the studio used a JJ NN made by NNP and a NNP mixing console , a combination that was widely considered to be state of the art by audio engineers .	0	6	VBP	indicate	indicates	6
only through a volume licensing agreement such as open license does microsoft permit using the same windows product key on multiple computers .	3	10	VBZ	does	do	7
this form of religious NN is as JJ as was NN based on race .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
since NNS form an important part of the food of NN , NNS , and NNS , the JJ NNS of these animals often yield forms that are not easily secured in other ways .	19	24	VBP	yield	yields	5
another large rail bridge just to the north of the village still stands in good condition .	3	12	VBZ	stands	stand	9
typical policy recommendations of JJ NNS are lower marginal tax rates and less regulation .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
one day he takes her to the country for what for a while is a wonderful time , but the trip is cut short .	1	13	VBZ	is	are	12
its plot , following a japanese american senator as he runs for president of the united states , was thoroughly VBN by NNP during months of travel in the us .	1	10	VBZ	runs	run	9
RB , the product of the reaction is JJ in the reaction NN .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the company 's highlights from the past two years include project development in haiti ( NNP haiti foundation ) , which was supported by both , haiti president michel NNP and prime minister NNP NNP .	3	9	VBP	include	includes	6
note that to successfully separate the file names from the NNS , the NN between them is a JJ character .	0	16	VBZ	is	are	16
the single sail of the NNP is JJ .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
nowadays , most people building model planes prefer JJ planes , because they operate more RB .	3	7	VBP	prefer	prefers	4
the rivalry between the two schools is the oldest current NNP day rivalry west of the mississippi river .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
as for my suggested text , yes , i am attempting to shift the claim VBZ what the cites which actually address the issue say .	18	24	VBP	say	says	6
NNP 's checks are treated as guaranteed funds because the bank , rather than the NN , is responsible for paying the amount .	10	17	VBZ	is	are	7
frequent changes in the pattern of examination are essential since VBG to a PRP text ' or POS pattern ' alone will favour the coaching industry and the NNS .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
a community of more than 200 speakers of high standards is present each year at the NNP forum and NNS in more than twenty panels to open up practical NNS and concrete JJ solutions .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
jeremy claims , they barely mention the subject ; i VBP , of course , the NN on NN .	1	5	VBP	mention	mentions	4
some VBG areas in iran known for producing very fine pieces use additional tools .	2	11	VBP	use	uses	9
just one thing to look at is whether you have a little used bath or NN where the water trap may have dried out that can lead to bad NNS .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
however , the leading expert on western NNP history and the NNP people in the usa is ruth w .	4	16	VBZ	is	are	12
the JJ details of its JJ and painted decoration indicate a NN and NN burial .	2	9	VBP	indicate	indicates	7
section 93 of the act makes enforcement of the criminal sanctions the duty of the local NNP and measures authority ( usually the trading standards department ) and VBZ enforcement powers from the trade descriptions act .	0	5	VBZ	makes	make	5
another way to describe the situation is that the fcc licenses radio NNS .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
in the NN , an NNP expedition on a newly recovered NNP craft discovers the NNP world - NN in a NNP sphere of cable material , designed to project the same spectrum of a red giant .	6	13	VBZ	discovers	discover	7
the left marginal NN ( or VB marginal NN ) is a branch of the NN NN , originating at the JJ JJ NN , traveling along the left margin of heart towards the NN of the heart .	3	10	VBZ	is	are	7
information about her role in the plot is relevant , not just the sketch of her character type , which is all that is in the main article now .	0	7	VBZ	is	are	7
NNS of his poetry appear in the online journal NNP .	0	4	VBP	appear	appears	4
the new and improved nba free agency begun ; grant hill stays with phoenix ; shannon brown and sebastian NNP join phoenix ; NNP NNP tried to get traded to the toronto NNPS ; NNP carter and NNP NNP are VBN .	6	11	VBZ	stays	stay	5
a more rationale reply ) something i enjoy about wikipedia is the idea of consensus .	3	10	VBZ	is	are	7
theme of the night - `` this is me '' - the task for the singers was to represent themselves to the public by choosing a song on their own .	0	7	VBZ	is	are	7
NNP west 's 2007 album `` graduation '' holds a song titled `` i wonder '' in which he samples NNP NNP 's `` my song '' from NNP 's album , VBG VBG VBG lying .	4	8	VBZ	holds	hold	4
thai NNP people in NNP NNP NNP , NNP NNP , and NNP ban don , NNP don NNP , and NNP NNP NNP of NNP u NNP still have such ceremony , as well .	2	29	VBP	have	has	27
the purpose of the organisation is primarily to improve the lives of people with NNP in the united kingdom .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP NN has a NN reaching JJ mm , while the length of the NNS is JJ mm .	11	15	VBZ	is	are	4
the magnetic field in the upper atmosphere gives rise to the NNS .	2	7	VBZ	gives	give	5
the emergency department at NNP hospital medical center is one of only two in the san fernando valley that is certified as a trauma center .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
many supporters of native american NNS feel that the financial cost of changing NNS would far VB the benefits .	1	6	VBP	feel	feels	5
applications such as aerospace systems , life support systems , telecommunications , railway signals , and computers use great numbers of individual electronic components .	0	17	VBP	use	uses	17
the poems in ending with music tell the stories of events and people .	1	6	VBP	tell	tells	5
changes in community composition are therefore also an expected product of climate change .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
the three statues behind the altar represent the NNP madonna VBN by the NNS james the great and james the less and were VBN by antonio NNP in CD .	2	6	VBP	represent	represents	4
the settlement , which served as the capital of the colony , is today the modern town of plymouth , massachusetts .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
describing himself RB as a NNP joke , a JJ dragon , franz NNP 's NN , an NN of JJ NN and a total eclipse , mario NNP sees himself `` VBG in a NNP dream , NN , JJ .	10	29	VBZ	sees	see	19
the initial evaluation of JJ cell lung cancer NN uses the NNP classification .	2	9	VBZ	uses	use	7
i can not explain the NN picture but the rest of the article is fine ) .	9	13	VBZ	is	are	4
the story of the NNPS begins with the six most talented girls chosen from this school .	1	5	VBZ	begins	begin	4
the reason i was blocked is that i raised issues that they did n't want to address .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
NNS of the japanese NN 's dorsal fin are short and not separated from the JJ portion .	0	8	VBP	are	is	8
the notion that there might actually be a serious coi is JJ .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
features common to the NNP horn include a NN , .	0	6	VBP	include	includes	6
some JJ NNP languages , including NNP , have a fourth possibility , known ( somewhat RB ) as the NN or NN , which like the perfect is VBN with NNS only .	3	8	VBP	have	has	5
the aim of these guidelines is to assist NNS and general physicians identify patients who may benefit from NN to a NNP team .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the solution to the problem is a JJ JJ number with the additional condition that it contains the NNS 1 to 9 exactly once each .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
i checked on the NNP page and the NN account on the english wikipedia has zero edits .	9	14	VBZ	has	have	5
a JJ sentence or JJ sentence is a sentence with at least two independent NNS and one or more dependent NNS ( also known as subordinate NNS ) .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
anna 's husband , charlie NNP , feels as RB as frank does about environmental issues .	2	7	VBZ	feels	feel	5
NNP is a unique game concept , similar to VB but in which multimedia sound and light shows on wall screens and JJ ceiling NNS add to the NN .	17	25	VBP	add	adds	8
another version of this story says that the leader of this raid was abu NNP .	1	5	VBZ	says	say	4
the equivalent for female officers is a NN ' hat , which still VBZ the same protection as the male NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the greater brisbane area of queensland australia , has many species of indigenous flora .	3	8	VBZ	has	have	5
the son in law once again goes to chennai and tells NNP to kill NNP NNP NNP without VBG his true identity .	1	6	VBZ	goes	go	5
history in english words seeks to VB the history of western civilization by exploring the change in meanings of various words .	0	4	VBZ	seeks	seek	4
note that even if your connection is VBN , the administrator can know what the destination of that secure tunnel is - so that is why you should use a NN server .	15	20	VBZ	is	are	5
a google search for `` bicycle license '' finds that licensing the bicycle ( as opposed to licensing the rider ) is quite common -- this easily VBZ your second criterion .	2	8	VBZ	finds	find	6
mountain peaks in the park reach an elevation of 2 , 600 meters above sea level .	1	5	VBP	reach	reaches	4
my main aim , if i become a coordinator , is to VB some major article issues such as stubs , NN , NN , etc , which are my main NNS .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
i thought the NN was , but the version it modified on june 16th looks ok now too , so it was probably somebody VBG around with a template somewhere .	8	14	VBZ	looks	look	6
the assertion that the references are only in the howard stern universe is JJ .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
another friend NNP , the NN of the NN has the strength of 10 NNS and can VB mountains with his NNS .	1	9	VBZ	has	have	8
bugs NNS NNP on his `` mean NN '' but informs him that the best thing to have with a NN is `` wild turkey surprise , '' not rabbit .	15	21	VBZ	is	are	6
a review of that block is welcome .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
fair use in argentina national rugby union IN this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
the oldest JJ plains unit in the map area is the NN plains material , originally described by NNP and guest .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
and the perceived quality level of the article is not a valid reason to delete it .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
the western border of the neighborhood VBZ into the city of NNP , colorado , an NN of denver .	2	6	VBZ	merges	merge	4
the seven main NNS of the jewish district of NNP constitute the largest such complex in europe next to prague .	3	10	VBP	constitute	constitutes	7
on the other hand , the phase part of the NNP operator , in conjunction with the algebra of functions , gives a NNP which VBZ JJ information .	7	21	VBZ	gives	give	14
roads and trails in the state forest are also open for NN riding and mountain NN .	0	7	VBP	are	is	7
although a side note to the mainstream of norwegian literature , the literature which documents the experience of norwegian NNS to america is as important as the norwegian immigrants became to the growing america of the 19th century .	3	22	VBZ	is	are	19
a jet NN ( or NN , or jet ) is an NN that uses jet engine NN .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
single phase ac motors and NN motors require additional devices for VBG rotation .	3	7	VBP	require	requires	4
in the NN NNP reveals that the man VBG as andrew NNP is an NN , robert NNP , who took his place after the real NNP died in africa .	7	12	VBZ	is	are	5
for example , almost every article in the wikipedia is a synthesis of sources since that is what an encyclopedia is supposed to do .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
to my us english ears , the phrase , including the word accuracy , looks fine .	7	14	VBZ	looks	look	7
students from NNP school still play hockey on `` long pond '' , a pond proclaimed by some as the `` NNP of hockey '' , located at the farm of howard NNP .	0	5	VBP	play	plays	5
JJ NNP links , connecting more than two points , are rare .	2	10	VBP	are	is	8
a NN pump using this technology has ce mark approval and is in clinical trials for us NNP approval .	2	6	VBZ	has	have	4
western armenian is spoken by the armenian NN , mainly in north america and south america , europe and most of the middle east except for iran , where the armenian population because of proximity to armenia uses eastern armenian , while keeping the traditional JJ spelling .	31	37	VBZ	uses	use	6
the systematic name of this enzyme class is JJ NN .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the group successfully reaches the water but NNP 's JJ behavior results in much being lost , and the others decide to VB him .	11	20	VBP	decide	decides	9
the NNS responsible for editing and publishing the newsletter are ian rose and NNP .	1	9	VBP	are	is	8
the original source of this image is luis NNP from perth , australia .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the admission rate at beijing film academy is one of the lowest in the country , as well as RB .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
take public transportation ( cities such as toledo provide free bus service on NNP action days ) .	4	8	VBP	provide	provides	4
the term `` JJ '' is more commonly used to refer to any neighborhoods within the central part of the city .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
movement along the JJ zone helps explain how the south american continent could have fitted RB to the african continent before the NN of NNP .	0	5	VBZ	helps	help	5
despite these NNS , certain aspects of the real NNP still remain .	5	11	VBP	remain	remains	6
the only information that should be in the main NNP NNP article is a section noting the people who played him .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
parts of summit lawn are in upper NNP township while others are in salisbury township .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
another major event in the city is the NNP marathon , organised by NNP , which is held every year on the first weekend of october since 2005 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
some life scientists and earth scientists use RB in a more limited sense .	2	6	VBP	use	uses	4
running parallel to those stories , another version of NNP has adventures ; as the inventor of time travel technology in the NNP universe .	1	10	VBZ	has	have	9
if all the models in the candidate set have the same number of parameters , then using NNP might at first appear to be very similar to using the JJ test .	3	8	VBP	have	has	5
dental JJ studies from 1977 by NNP and NN others show dental NNS stop this progressive loss and VB the bone over the long term .	2	10	VBP	show	shows	8
the article , while being fairly obviously not neutral , tells us enough about their business model to show that it is not particularly remarkable , much less JJ .	1	10	VBZ	tells	tell	9
one batch of 40 to 50 persons starts everyday from 1 may to 31 may .	1	7	VBZ	starts	start	6
my two NNS is that it should fail , first , because all edits to wikipedia must be made by consensus if challenged and , second , because the letter of policies and guidelines is the standing consensus of the community until changed .	29	34	VBZ	is	are	5
other towns within the commune include NNP and NNP .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
the body that owns the league is turtle entertainment .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
a widely popular NN of the hotel is its JJ distribution of fresh VBN NNS and hot apple NN in the main lobby .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the JJ glass in the east window dates from 1841 and is by d .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
the distinction between primary and secondary sources is sometimes a matter of common sense .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
wikipedia NN takes the position that any non JJ inclusion of NN material is less than ideal .	9	13	VBZ	is	are	4
life status page i linked to above , a NN with that period is already known .	2	13	VBZ	is	are	11
his son , barry , is a prominent film critic and broadcaster , and his daughter , NNP , is a script editor and director .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the top 6 ancestry groups in the city are norwegian ( 49 .	4	8	VBP	are	is	4
the reason we can not rely on religion alone , is that there are different JJ definitions of who constitute the followers of the jewish religion ( or , in most cases , others religions also ) .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
the generation of nerve signals is another example , in which the membrane of a nerve NN causes slight NN of sodium NNS through sodium channels , resulting in a change in the membrane potential , which in turn causes more opening of channels , and so on .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
i think protecting the page as suggested by the previous poster is a good idea , especially if interest in keeping the article up to a good standard remains low , making it an easy target .	18	28	VBZ	remains	remain	10
edward and NNP are the eldest of four sons whose father , david NNP is a production designer and mother , NNP bennett is an actress .	10	14	VBZ	is	are	4
spirit of the NNP is a public art work by american artist mark NNP , located on the north side of milwaukee , wisconsin .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
the name of the town is often RB abbreviated to `` NNP '' ( ) .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
by contrast , a search on `` american board of NNP psychology '' VBZ CD hits , including a website for the board itself ; the website of the `` american academy of NNP psychology '' has a listing of CD NNS ( [ 31 ] ) .	26	36	VBZ	has	have	10
SYM - namely the purpose of a good redirect is to eliminate the possibility that an average user will wind up VBG RB at a `` search results JJ out of CD '' search page instead of the article they were looking for .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
the JJ athletic league to which columbia university belongs , the NNP league , also includes brown university , cornell university , NNP college , harvard university , university of pennsylvania , princeton university , and yale university .	3	15	VBZ	includes	include	12
the first recorded visit from the west is the arrival of ferdinand NNP on NNP island , southeast of NNP on 16 march CD .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the human or animal content seen in the card is almost RB classified as male rather than female , and the qualities expressed by the subject may indicate attitudes toward men and authority .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
the only thing i think would be useful is change to the software so that request to sign your comment would be shown RP when editing talk pages , but in a more visible place , for instance just before `` save page '' .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the ability to follow basic logic is a very critical skill for administrators , RB far more important than the ability to make 25 articles .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
one type of food testing strip is an NN enzyme JJ test .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the present name of the town refers to an NNP NN , a folk poet ( CD ) .	2	6	VBZ	refers	refer	4
a screenplay for the movie version is in active development .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the squadrons that form the NNP include those operating NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
in the lower peninsula , NNP and other NNP family members and their old dominion land company were involved in many aspects of life and business , and schools , museums , libraries and parks are among their many contributions .	28	35	VBP	are	is	7
the reason that i want to go through editor review is that i VBP would like to become an admin , however i know that i have a long way to go before i am ready for that .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
the `` NN of excellence '' is a business concept that describes a JJ phenomenon where as performance VBZ , that performance becomes less visible to others and therefore becomes less VBN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
declaration of christian NNP is a christian NN launched on easter sunday 2010 in the united kingdom .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
while the JJ season episode `` to VB with love '' reveals that NNP has a texas ranger badge in his NN , an early episode reveals that NNP worked as an NN until he was put on worker 's compensation for unknown reasons .	4	11	VBZ	reveals	reveal	7
so NNP is quite irrelevant here , and your desire to VB this discourse seems quite JJ for VBG wikipedia at all .	9	14	VBZ	seems	seem	5
weak delete space marine as JJ troops is too vague .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the focus of the NNP is to develop concepts , methods , and best practices in the area of services .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the edges of the flat sides of the NN seem to consist of 14 elements , 11 defining the outline of the NN , and 3 are processes , one forming a `` NN '' NN , a second a JJ and a third a JJ .	1	9	VBP	seem	seems	8
JJ factors , such as government NN or NN policies , cause the actual unemployment rate to vary around the natural rate .	1	11	VBP	cause	causes	10
JJ temperatures throughout its range are low , and this species only seems to be active during the day .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the tone , however , just seems a little too informal , with too many NNS and a sometimes JJ or JJ tone .	1	6	VBZ	seems	seem	5
many species of JJ NNS show NN , and serve as models for JJ NNS .	1	5	VBP	show	shows	4
further , an update to the article indicates that since leaving the office of mayor , the subject has participated in widely broadcast panel discussions on reliable new york city television stations NNP and NNP and radio station NNP hot 97 .	3	7	VBZ	indicates	indicate	4
the step size between adjacent NNS is smaller for smaller NNS .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the church in the film is NNP church and the textile NN is the mall called as NNP group NNP in NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
a news agency reporting on an individual is not an NN of their ideas , and should not be mistaken for one .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
a quick search through google news shows nothing JJ .	2	6	VBZ	shows	show	4
central ideas of network thinking include viewing a system as a network of JJ effects , leading to JJ behavior of the system as a whole .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
it can be said that NNP 's NN of s for ice is one of the JJS , yet most accurate applications of statistical mechanics to real substances ever made .	7	12	VBZ	is	are	5
the main soils of the city of prince albert are those of the valley complex consisting mainly of NN soils which produce natural vegetation which are not forest nor NN but a complex of the two .	2	9	VBP	are	is	7
the NN of oxygen in bottom waters changes the types of organisms that live on the bottom .	1	7	VBZ	changes	change	6
VBG delete after rewrite the rewrite is full of original research and the independent secondary sources are not about the NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the character of jack frost appears in three american films , two of them named simply jack frost .	1	5	VBZ	appears	appear	4
the math we use to deal with this is statistics .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
petty officer , 1st class , NNP , is a naval JJ member rank of the canadian forces .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the concept of NN , also VBN by the aforementioned NNP NNP , is important for the understanding of martin NNP 's fashion statement .	1	13	VBZ	is	are	12
the latest generation of the platform is NNP 2012 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
it looks beautiful and NN on the image page , but click on it and it is terrible .	11	16	VBZ	is	are	5
the spot on its banner is white , turning yellow then red .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
this version of the NN is available on audio NNP as well .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
admission to the law school is highly competitive .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
we do not have direct evidence , as yet , that the mass in the whole universe is finite .	12	17	VBZ	is	are	5
normally , the role of the club secretary is to deal with matters ( especially correspondence , taking minutes , making arrangements for meetings and events , less often VBG permanent or temporary staff , if there are any ) on behalf of the committee .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
the german towns of NNP and NNP in bavaria use the three gold NNS on blue design on their NNS .	2	9	VBP	use	uses	7
and there are those that are primarily a series of NNS , in which the story , if there even is one , is an NN .	15	23	VBZ	is	are	8
the relationship between NNP and html tends to be a difficult topic for many computer professionals , document authors , and web users alike .	1	6	VBZ	tends	tend	5
the space dedicated to NNS shows the main defensive elements of this group of NNS against predators such as bone shields , NNS , tail clubs and so forth .	1	5	VBZ	shows	show	4
ma educational institutions in the philippines , see christian and missionary alliance churches of the philippines .	2	7	VBP	see	sees	5
the reason it causes a delay in NN is because it greatly reduces sex drive , in some cases , causing an inability to gain an NN or NN .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
a chapter in the book says you should VB that everyone you meet is superior to you in some way , and i think it 's pretty much always true .	1	5	VBZ	says	say	4
NNP bird of new zealand and `` proper '' means it is depicted in its natural colours .	1	9	VBZ	means	mean	8
the only difference any editor has mentioned between those articles and this one is that this article concerns the NNP rather than a european or JJ country .	2	13	VBZ	is	are	11
certain commonwealth countries , including australia , new zealand , canada and the united kingdom , have agreements in certain countries to provide JJ services for citizens of the other countries where they do not have physical representation .	2	16	VBP	have	has	14
the centers and heads of the NNS are smaller in size with JJ bent pieces of steel attached as legs .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
the term you get results for is drag strip ( or NN ) , not VBN drag strip .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the area of the gulf is .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
while my reasons in that afd for supporting a merge are no longer valid , i still believe that merging or VBG to the article on the scandal is the best solution .	2	10	VBP	are	is	8
the JJ commission , NNS and creates rules governing a state civil service matters , including testing , JJ actions , and pay grades .	2	6	VBZ	creates	create	4
the aim of the game is for the NNS to turn everyone else into NNS , and for the peasants to survive until the end of the time limit of the game .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
one attraction of the beaches is the JJ pools .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
finally , the intersection of the `` too cheap '' and `` too expensive '' lines represents an `` JJ price point '' or NNP .	3	16	VBZ	represents	represent	13
field notes from expeditions and NNS conducted by the NNP anthropology department are also available from as early as the 1930s .	1	12	VBP	are	is	11
i am pretty sure that most information about the NNP is in this article , thus VBG NN .	6	10	VBZ	is	are	4
her appointment at such a relatively young age marks a JJ change in the court , as she is eligible to remain seated on the bench until CD , VBG all of the bench at the time of her appointment by nine years .	1	8	VBZ	marks	mark	7
the tallest building in the city is the JJ , NNP de NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
another term for a JJ basin is a NN .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
these notes , if they are in good condition , may have some value NN he VBD ' market .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
suspended page with all the people that are members of the NNP -- the wiki page says this accounts for more than 1000 clubs across america .	1	16	VBZ	says	say	15
the NNP list of JJ editions of french poets includes volumes by NNP NNP , ren NNP , jacques NNP , paul NNP , andr NNP , NNP , philippe NNP , NNP NNP , henri NNP , pierre NNP and paul NNP .	2	9	VBZ	includes	include	7
this connection between the NNP and the NNP is but natural , as they were close neighbors in the north-west ( NNP index ) ) .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the crucial additional NN needed to turn such NN into a NN , so it would automatically position to true north , is some mechanism that results in an application of NN whenever the NN 's axis is not pointing north .	3	22	VBZ	is	are	19
the dorsal black JJ line is present but not strongly marked and the bases of the JJ NNS are white RB .	13	18	VBP	are	is	5
a certain level of editorial conflict is to be expected on controversial topics ; i see no evidence that NNP has been unusually JJ in that regard here , or that his edits in this particular conflict have been RB unacceptable .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the largest mud volcano structure , indonesia 's NNP , is in diameter and reaches in height .	4	10	VBZ	is	are	6
a nearly complete color tape of super bowl i was discovered in 2005 , but kept secret for nearly five years ; portions of NNS up through super bowl v are either missing or only exist in NN .	22	30	VBP	are	is	8
the image of the brand is probably fair use ; the warning image was developed by the canadian government .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the NN normal vector field for a curve in the plane has a nice JJ interpretation .	4	11	VBZ	has	have	7
historical graves of NNP cemetery significantly differ from contemporary moscow NNS due to their old NNP roots .	1	6	VBP	differ	differs	5
the second mention of 12th century is accurate .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the earliest stages of JJ evolution appear to be dominated by JJ NNS , such as NNS and NNS ( e .	2	6	VBP	appear	appears	4
i hope this analysis of the sources in this article clearly demonstrates that phil 's allegations against the reliability of the sources in this article are RB JJ .	3	11	VBZ	demonstrates	demonstrate	8
strategic location of NNP near the border with russia and ukraine provides a direct connection to the vast railroad network .	1	11	VBZ	provides	provide	10
although the script of the series makes great play of its NNP setting , the location filming for the first three series was largely carried out in and around brighton and NNP .	2	6	VBZ	makes	make	4
the administrative center of the NN is the city of NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the back of the card also contains the person 's registered address where official correspondence is sent , place of birth , and the names of parents and NN .	1	6	VBZ	contains	contain	5
some more recent NNS of JJ lanes use a JJ barrier to establish a physical separation between allowed and VBN lanes of travel .	3	7	VBP	use	uses	4
an JJ solution for a more advanced book is to define a formula as a ( type of ) finite tree , rather than a ( type of ) finite string .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
another NN could involve current eu NNP NNP imagery , VBN with NN information , such that only radar images of ships without active NNS display to enforcement personnel .	19	25	VBP	display	displays	6
another factor contributing to NN is the concept of debt protection .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
other works by NNP also show a distinct , individual style .	1	5	VBP	show	shows	4
the JJS reach of the NNP watershed is a few miles north of town .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
leaves on the stem become smaller toward the top .	0	4	VBP	become	becomes	4
the material on this lp is n't difficult to VB ; NN was NNP 's goal , and he VBZ that goal '' .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
his wife , NNP , at first encourages his interest in his statue , NNP .	1	7	VBZ	encourages	encourage	6
the banner of saint NNP is a white cross on a black background ( in terms of JJ JJ , a cross NN ' ) .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
other articles in the first volume include `` methods of discovering whether wine has been VBN with any metals VBP to health '' and `` description of the apparatus used by NNP to produce water from its component parts , oxygen and hydrogen '' .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
the belief in JJ NNS probably stems in part from the supposed curse on the tomb of NNP .	1	6	VBZ	stems	stem	5
RB later falls ill , but when the wars against the NNS go badly he insists on leading his army himself , VBD up on his horse .	8	12	VBP	go	goes	4
the film , written throughout 1934 , is notable for VBG world war ii , being only 16 months off by having it start on christmas 1940 , rather than 1 september 1939 .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
NNP fleet , dubai duty free now operates 26 , 000 square metres of retail space across NNS 1 , 2 , and 3 .	1	7	VBZ	operates	operate	6
another thing , the album has a lot simpler production compared to snow on the NNP , as the sounds are mainly based on NN and computer programming .	1	5	VBZ	has	have	4
however the general case of a static NNP field with both electric and magnetic components present , is the case that appears to most observers .	3	17	VBZ	is	are	14
november 27 became a holiday that groups like the JJ popular front and some NNS celebrate as heroes day .	6	15	VBP	celebrate	celebrates	9
their NN to prepare and VB in a NN volume the conditions of high temperature JJ NNS and magnetic NN fusion NNS make them very appropriate research tools .	11	22	VBP	make	makes	11
copies of the two original editions , which are now of excessive NN , are in the british library , and other copies may be found at the NNP library , the NNP shakespeare library , and other archives .	0	14	VBP	are	is	14
the JJ point of the place is a temple built in honor of the saint NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the organization of this section is very poor .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
one notable attraction at NNP park is NNP island , an amusement park with rides , games , NNS , and a miniature train ride around the amusement area .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the ships in this class have a small capacity to carry and transfer fresh and frozen foods as well as other materials , and have two dry cargo transfer NNS .	1	5	VBP	have	has	4
a neighboring nation of NNP , NNP is also a coastal nation along the western ocean .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
john NNS and feels that use of the word vandalism constitutes incivility per se .	5	10	VBZ	constitutes	constitute	5
for instance the inclusion of the editorial team clearly has no risk of any forms of conflict .	3	9	VBZ	has	have	6
though some of the patients have different results in most cases people infected with hiv go on to develop aids and ultimately die of JJ NNS or cancer .	11	15	VBP	go	goes	4
as of 2010 the book the transform diet is currently number 6 .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
the present appearance of the NN is the result of a JJ reconstruction from CD .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
a JJ chorus , open to all citizens , provides additional entertainment to the community .	2	9	VBZ	provides	provide	7
common factors that contribute to JJ NNS include by driver NN or NN , NN , panic stops , and reduced NN due to weather or worn NN .	1	7	VBP	include	includes	6
with the help of this technology , students who struggle with language are now able to create JJ compositions , allowing them to communicate meanings that were once JJ or not fully expressed through their printed word .	7	12	VBP	are	is	5
certified teachers and professional models teach private and JJ lessons .	1	5	VBP	teach	teaches	4
the NN of the NN of the electromagnetic and weak interactions in the standard model is due to NNP NNP , steven NNP and , subsequently , NNP NNP .	1	15	VBZ	is	are	14
your whole attitude in this mess shows that you are a danger for the wikipedia community .	2	6	VBZ	shows	show	4
his other novel , NNP ( rebel , 1892 ) , VBZ the JJ struggle of the NNP of montenegro against the turkish NNS .	2	11	VBZ	portrays	portray	9
the stream of south fork camp creek runs through this township .	1	7	VBZ	runs	run	6
the end of the story makes clear that NNP 's political career was in no way VBN by this scandal , nor did he lose his position as a NN in the church .	1	5	VBZ	makes	make	4
some languages , such as arabic , use a similar process , called `` NN '' in linguistic NN , to indicate JJ relationships .	1	7	VBP	use	uses	6
and at the very least , the illustration of the man at the page of the NN is highly JJ , and adds nothing to the understanding of the subject .	7	17	VBZ	is	are	10
any earthquake that could VB a threat occurs on a cycle of roughly 1 , 800 years , according to the united states army corps of engineers , who studied the area first in 1980 .	1	7	VBZ	occurs	occur	6
the mission of the NNP international music festival is to provide gifted young musicians from around the world with an opportunity to study with NN artists , and to provide maine audiences with classical music performed to the highest artistic standards .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
other interpretations of the name are unknown .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the heir apparent to the NN is robert john hudson palmer ( born 1960 ) , eldest son of the 8th baronet .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the site of NNP house ' is today marked by a plaque .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
when one party to a divorce is unable to afford an attorney that party is allowed to request the court to order the NN with the greater income or assets to pay all or part of the other NN 's legal fees .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP NN , common name the rat cone , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family NNP , the cone snails and their allies .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
the links in the biography do work .	1	5	VBP	do	does	4
the only paper by him that this article cites is from 1977 , when he was 80 .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
furthermore , the writer , elizabeth NNP , is notable .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
other than teaching the children to help themselves , and teaching them team work , the show also helps the native parts of the region by `` NNS '' to teams who lose , which , most of the time , bring fun to the JJ team 's hearts .	13	18	VBZ	helps	help	5
and what your comments about scientific journals have to do with my NN of cherry picking is something i do n't understand .	3	7	VBP	have	has	4
design for test ( aka `` design for NNP '' or `` NNP '' ) is a name for design techniques that add certain NN features to a JJ hardware product design .	0	15	VBZ	is	are	15
when records and VBG professionals use the term POS ' they are referring to the permanent storage of records , not merely their removal from current usage .	1	5	VBP	use	uses	4
the bear with an JJ image on the building is the symbol of NNP .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
two plots sold at the same auction will fall under this provision , for example , but a period of a month between contracts is too long .	18	24	VBZ	is	are	6
NNP 's reference to the essential NN of the NNS also applies to JJ structures in JJ structural NNS .	2	11	VBZ	applies	apply	9
the tubes that comprise the NN surface on the NN of the cap are deep ; the JJ NNS are up to 2 .	1	13	VBP	are	is	12
the amount of oxygen produced also depends on the light available .	1	6	VBZ	depends	depend	5
the JJ sign ( - ) is the NNP version of the JJS sign , and doubles as a NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the best placed teams in the state championships as well as the best ranked clubs in NNP 's ranking compete in the copa do NNP .	3	23	VBP	do	does	20
JJ solution of NNP in water is 1 .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the three district general hospitals in the area - NNP general , NNP hospital in NNP and NNP hospital in east NNP - each have an accident and emergency department and provide a range of specialist medical and surgical services .	4	24	VBP	have	has	20
the atmosphere of the stories suggests a time of economic NN .	1	5	VBZ	suggests	suggest	4
for the record , i have absolutely no connection to NNP or any other NN company , and as far as i know , no one in my family or close circle of friends has any connection to NNP or any other NN company .	25	34	VBZ	has	have	9
the overlap with us 36 ends at the northern edge of NNP where us 36 continues north to rocky mountain national park , and route CD turns east becoming JJ highway .	1	26	VBZ	turns	turn	25
as the positive feedback VBD in for devil in a blue dress , the ambitious members of the NNP decided to start a new project , this time to incorporate distinct NNS , NNS , sounds , weapons , and anything else that was possible to change .	27	35	VBZ	sounds	sound	8
last sentence of NNP NN section is unreferenced .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the original name , NNP , in NNP , means `` river of the painted birds '' .	2	9	VBZ	means	mean	7
as much as the bbc has a reputation for neutrality , the proportion of references from bbc sources is higher than might be expected .	12	18	VBZ	is	are	6
according to the former general , `` the NNS of the international atomic energy agency ( NNP ) are VBG themselves if they believe that the nuclear facilities on and under the ground are only for peaceful purposes .	27	33	VBP	are	is	6
a number of activities for international students VBZ their integration and help students to find new friends .	1	7	VBZ	facilitates	facilitate	6
control cities on guide signs are chicago and ohio .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the fact that the list of notable NNS includes just one viewing in NNP , michigan over a bowl of NNS is sort of funny .	4	8	VBZ	includes	include	4
the japanese name `` NNP '' means `` paper NN '' or the `` rice paper butterfly '' , idea NN , and is known especially for its presence in butterfly NNS and live butterfly NNS .	2	6	VBZ	means	mean	4
the painting quality of this picture looks inferior to the rest , showing that NNP left most of its execution to his workshop .	2	6	VBZ	looks	look	4
other groups of small organisms from the NNP era also show signs of NN defenses .	1	10	VBP	show	shows	9
the up platform , opened in 1976 , is of similar length .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
other special guests on the album include steve NNP ( NNP t and the m .	2	6	VBP	include	includes	4
a list of american military NNS is in the list of u .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the format of my name is incorrect .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the end of the calendar year is a common time of year for format NNS .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the countries with lower NNS are more likely to have more NNS , because of the lack of resources they have and the supplies to prepare for a flood .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
no point in NNP tears is the debut album by NNP and was released on 29 september 2008 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
students from the school do theatrical performances several times a year in one of their three acting spaces .	0	4	VBP	do	does	4
the video for the song shows them dancing in and on top of a bus .	1	5	VBZ	shows	show	4
have not VBN yet , but the effect that a kick on the balls has on a man is perhaps the most notable pain a man can experience with little effort from the NN .	10	14	VBZ	has	have	4
fair use in trick ( film ) though this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
the use of a fictional character also allows for dramatic conflict to be created more easily in the episode we VBP this program , with another fictional reporter brett NNP ( jay NNP ) .	1	7	VBZ	allows	allow	6
a list of works by NNP muhammad NNP NNP is as follows .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
their JJ domain of JJ core protein VBZ with JJ NN and VBG molecules in the cell NN .	2	7	VBZ	interacts	interact	5
usage of this tool enables NNS to perform a variety of analysis on NNS JJ data such as NNP ( local field NNS ) , NNP , NNP , NNP spike times and also on JJ data such as NNP and dynamic optical imaging data .	0	4	VBZ	enables	enable	4
the NN photo showing JJ cars and thick crowds on jefferson street is perhaps the best known of the set .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
the tunnel towards NNP garden ( at this point heading southwest ) passes under the NNP tunnels .	1	12	VBZ	passes	pass	11
but they differ in detail , and the detail that NNP provides only applies to one of them .	8	13	VBZ	applies	apply	5
smaller collections of items related mostly to the history of sofia are in the national archaeological museum , a former mosque located between the NNS of the national bank and the presidency .	1	11	VBP	are	is	10
another work that deserves notice is a JJ composition called in the beginning of the era , 1962 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
when the overall number of candidates is reduced , the nomination by the professors comes down to two students .	10	14	VBZ	comes	come	4
the argument for deleting it because it might cause NN to the subject later in life is not convincing , since wikipedia is not VBN .	1	16	VBZ	is	are	15
the proper response to original research is to delete it , not to use it to justify more original research .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
NNS , airlines and JJ flights operate from terminal 1 , whilst international flights use terminal 2 .	0	6	VBP	operate	operates	6
another type of VBG evidence comes from using the NNP method , i .	1	5	VBZ	comes	come	4
it has been observed that cells containing a specific NN NN tend to cluster together to the NN of other types , both in cell culture and during development .	5	11	VBP	tend	tends	6
the members of the genus NNP and larger white NN , such as the NNP NNP and major mitchell 's NNP , have shorter , VB wings and a more JJ flight .	1	22	VBP	have	has	21
it can also be used to VB certain physical and psychological wounds , such as restoring a person 's voice , NN or memories , though the main purpose of NNP NNP is assassination .	28	32	VBZ	is	are	4
while it is certainly the case that buildings 200 years old remain in service , many have limitations which would not be acceptable ( or even legal ) in new construction .	7	11	VBP	remain	remains	4
the challenge that the NNP faces is what to do when such tools do not work .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
another example of this approach is NNP national heritage .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the general arrangement of the NNP is very similar to other contemporary combat engines , such as the NNP NNP , general electric NNP , and NNP NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the postal code of the area is CD .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
publicity firm of the person the blp is about .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
jeff strain , a founder of NNP , said , `` it is our opinion that the free online gaming model combined with frequent content updates is the JJ online NN for VBG with consumers and creating a significant , VBG gaming franchise .	20	26	VBZ	is	are	6
air transport to and from the city is available through NNP valley international airport .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the strategic aim of the excavations is to study the settlement as a specific cultural system .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
another aspect of JJ discourse is the NN of the NN , in which high school boys would act out JJ NN or VB to be sexually attracted to men .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the purpose of the aliens on earth is unclear , but they are JJ towards both the american and korean armies .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the first written record of the poem is in dorothy NNP 's journal , october 1798 .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
another way to think of a time NN experiment is that the NNP is a `` channel NN '' .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
a bit of a NN though , because admins during the day hours of our time zone are hard to come by and it can take a while to get help .	8	17	VBP	are	is	9
however , two notable exceptions to this rule are the songs , '' de NNP ' and the NNP de NNP ' , which are considered NNS in spite of their names .	4	8	VBP	are	is	4
the foundation for universal responsibility of his NNP the NNP NNP is a non-profit organization established with the nobel peace prize awarded to the 14th NNP NNP in 1989 .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
right the regulation of the heating is long term application and with a NN you have more NN to do than with a NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
many practitioners of NN also oppose NN .	1	5	VBP	oppose	opposes	4
VBG market value and NNP impact of fossil fuel price changes uses publicly available data on stock returns , analyst NNS estimates , and fossil fuel producer prices .	2	11	VBZ	uses	use	9
morris , institute for creation research one of its principal claims is that RB objective orthodox science , with a foundation in NN , is actually a RB JJ religion .	16	24	VBZ	is	are	8
remember that images are n't limited to photos ; NNS , drawings and maps are also part .	9	14	VBP	are	is	5
a further breakdown of this figure shows that the descendants of the NNP number CD , 000 , and constitute 13 per cent ( of the NNPS in the state of israel , or CD , 000 or 12 .	2	6	VBZ	shows	show	4
an interview database JJ by subject , project , NN , NN name , occupation , ethnicity , or interview number is available online .	2	21	VBZ	is	are	19
another main character in NNP 2 is the president of NNP freight , a large man that runs the company and keeps debt collectors away .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the NN , which has great power , is currently in NNP 's possession .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the fear of VBG into the darkness is really the fear of not `` getting caught '' and instead spending the rest of his life living a lie , leaving nothing real behind .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the JJ specimens which previously were regarded as NNP specimens , are now represent the NNS of NNP , NNP and NNP .	2	11	VBP	are	is	9
the light causes chemical reactions to occur in the NN , and , after development ( a step that removes either the exposed or the JJ NN ) , a pattern determined by the mask remains on the sample .	17	35	VBZ	remains	remain	18
researchers VBD this was because , while answers to these questions all contain the same JJ structures , the latter group of questions require more NN to properly answer .	7	12	VBP	contain	contains	5
an estate of houses now occupies the land on which NNP abbey stood .	1	5	VBZ	occupies	occupy	4
traces of people here go back to the stone age .	0	4	VBP	go	goes	4
every JJ creature who is not a genetic NN has a maximum of four genetic NNS , eight genetic NNS , sixteen genetic NNS , etc .	2	9	VBZ	has	have	7
the interior of the church is high victorian gothic in design , painted white and gold with elaborate gothic NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the idea of the NNP lion comes from a 2003 interview , made by president of NNP association daniel n .	1	6	VBZ	comes	come	5
currently , the core of this business is the NNP range of products made from JJ seed NN at the company 's production facility at NNP near NNP , tamil nadu .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
but bear in mind this is a culture in which families were regularly quite literally at war .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP eagles , bears , sea NNS , NNS , and NNS are among a wide variety of species that VBP the area .	1	12	VBP	are	is	11
the JJ complexity of a task refers to the number of NN operations it contains , that is , the number of NNS that the VBG actions must perform .	2	6	VBZ	refers	refer	4
the classic shoes for wearing with a NN NN are high NNS , NNP NNS can also be worn with NNS for a more casual , JJ NN that VBZ the 1960s .	2	9	VBP	are	is	7
a major objective of the emerging field of JJ NNS involves VBG RB useful information ( e .	2	10	VBZ	involves	involve	8
the cumberland plateau region is VBN to the JJS by the tennessee river and its NNS ; all other parts of the state are VBN to the southwest .	19	23	VBP	are	is	4
therefore , in the presence of low amounts of water , NNS that would normally form NNS actually form a larger NN in the form of JJ NNS in order to satisfy requirements of the JJ effect .	11	18	VBP	form	forms	7
although the variety of the wheat there is diverse , it is not extensively grown there , and thus must be imported .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the motor , the world 's smallest electric motor , is just a NN ( NN of a meter ) across ( 60 , 000 times smaller than the NN of a human hair ) .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
people living in this estate are a mixture of NNP and NNP .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
the chief feature of the reserve is the NNP NNP , a highly VBN area .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the principal sources of evidence for the existence of these NNS are the JJ king list a , which shows just the first six , and the JJ NNP king list , NNP king list a .	2	11	VBP	are	is	9
the JJ version of NNP also includes a store containing over 250 , 000 scores from publishers music sales , hal leonard , and NNP .	2	6	VBZ	includes	include	4
the northwest portion of the district consists of natural forests in the greater NNP mountains .	2	6	VBZ	consists	consist	4
the table to the right shows the party 's percentage of votes and difference compared to the overall result in the 2010 parliamentary election by geographic constituency , according to the official election result given by the swedish election authority .	1	5	VBZ	shows	show	4
another website directly relating to the documentary is the global NNP project ( NNP ) .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the line between NNP and the junction with the NN is now a cycle path , called the NNP NNP station buildings at NNP , NNP and NNP all survive , but in private ownership .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
an example of the NN toward sexuality in parts of india is the controversy surrounding the film fire ( 1996 ) , which depicted a lesbian relationship .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
the officers of the board include the chair , vice chair , and executive director .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
every competitor who VBZ all stages within the established trophy times wins a NNP plate .	1	11	VBZ	wins	win	10
concepts similar to the JJ hypothesis are at the root of ordinary language philosophy .	0	6	VBP	are	is	6
a major attraction of the town is the NNP NNP , a zoo in a largely JJ location on a VBN hill within the town of NNP where animals such as the wolf , NN and NN can be watched VBG freely .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the word for third person ( he , she , it ) is JJ .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
all links that link to this page are for another PRP smith ' ( most being the son of the actor , one being a politician ) .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
support topic ban , with hopes that delta VBZ that i bear him absolutely no ill will because of our recent clash .	2	8	VBZ	understands	understand	6
patients with vision loss from JJ NN lose vision in both eyes equally .	0	7	VBP	lose	loses	7
my picture of the day design is actually nearly identical to the current one , and any proper NN of the main page will RB affect the templates used .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
a ring is of this type if and only if every set of ring ideals contains a JJ element .	11	15	VBZ	contains	contain	4
the purpose of these programs is to address the JJ transmission of poverty and to foster social inclusion by explicitly targeting the poor , focusing on children , delivering NNS to women , and changing social NN relationships between NNS , service providers and governments .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
VBG can be JJ as it may alert nearby NNS and raiders to the player 's activities , but it is necessary if the player wishes to survive in the NN ; clothes , weapons , food , and tools quickly become a necessity for the VBG player .	34	41	VBP	become	becomes	7
the three main divisions of the NNP clan are the NNP , NNP and NNP .	3	8	VBP	are	is	5
fair use in NNP the NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
doctor , the title of the album is a reference to the roman emperor NNP .	0	7	VBZ	is	are	7
a study by JJ yuan NNP has found that people with either of the two tan NNS are especially concentrated in NNP province which would tend to support these accounts .	9	17	VBP	are	is	8
sites of interest in the park include speakers ' corner ( located in the northeast corner near marble arch ) , close to the former site of the NNP NNS , and NNP row , which is the northern boundary of the site of the crystal palace .	0	6	VBP	include	includes	6
NNP effect in the future ; a variant of the NNP effect , whereby someone tries to make themselves famous for something positive , and ends up becoming famous for something else in the process .	7	25	VBZ	ends	end	18
many fans of the wheel of time attend dragon con , which had an exclusive wheel of time content track from 2001 through 2012 .	1	7	VBP	attend	attends	6
the fact that NNP reached the finals of the NNP cup is also noteworthy .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
also the mission statement and anything else that ( NN , NN ) is either a copyright violation or , if not , then an adaptation which the school might find JJ .	9	13	VBZ	is	are	4
committees , in particular the permanent committees , are responsible for VBG and VBG the rules of the u .	0	8	VBP	are	is	8
the sign in pine NNP is the only such sign that has its own listing on the national register , though a few others may exist as contributing properties within historic districts .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the cost of this operation is loss in terms of resolution .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the place it was held at is wholly JJ -- if placed there , it VBZ extensive context if placed in NNP , the context is already present .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
NNP NNS about the existence of the NNP fairy , brian and then chris fail to calm NNP down , then NNP makes an attempt .	1	14	VBP	fail	fails	13
a different type of NN with a rifle is a ritual firing performed during military NNS , known as a JJ NN .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
her letters to her friend NNP NNP contain much interesting information with regard to contemporary celebrities , especially on NNP .	1	7	VBP	contain	contains	6
NNP category , and still has some sort of importance to the game .	1	5	VBZ	has	have	4
the first chapter of this quartet finds NNP and her NN , NNP , far from NNP , on a quest seeking a legendary stone that can provide JJ powers and abilities in the hands of country rulers .	2	6	VBZ	finds	find	4
the 3 , 000 square kilometres of mountainous jungle appear to have been VBN by humans until the 2006 scientific expedition .	5	9	VBP	appear	appears	4
other musicians that have collaborated with NNP include lang lang , NNP NNP , mike NNP , helen NNP , kate NNP , NNP of NNP , NNP of swiss band NNP , NNP NNP and german actress anna maria NNP .	1	7	VBP	include	includes	6
the european food safety authority ( NNP ) has concluded that the use of NN as a food NN has no relevant risk for the development of JJ fungi .	12	19	VBZ	has	have	7
the only NNP game that supports the NNP is NNP NNP , the NN is VBN in the NNP NNP start up screen by entering CD on the key NN .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
NNS , NNS and visitors have a wide range of year round activities to choose from .	0	5	VBP	have	has	5
its primary school , ( standards 1st to 4th ) are privately run while the secondary section ( 5th to 10th standard ) is government aided .	16	23	VBZ	is	are	7
no point of view except his own seems to count for anything , and ( in my opinion !	1	7	VBZ	seems	seem	6
arbcom has done such VBG in the past , but the relative success of any subsequent discussion depends heavily on who NNS .	12	17	VBZ	depends	depend	5
the function of the field drainage system is to control the water table , whereas the function of the main drainage system is to collect , transport , and NN of the water through an NN or outlet .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
his great grandson , NNP NNP iv , is currently a professor of chemistry at the university of north texas .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
other agencies and their roles associated with water include the kansas department of health and environment ( water quality regulation ) ; kansas water office ( water planning and policy ) ; and the state conservation commission ( soil and water conservation projects ) .	1	8	VBP	include	includes	7
parliamentary elections in belarus , while there are political parties that either support or oppose president NNP , the majority of the seats in the national assembly are filled by those not affiliated with any political parties ( `` NNS '' ) .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
the density of substances varies with temperature and pressure so that it is necessary to specify the temperatures and pressures at which the NNS or NNS were determined .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
our particular interpretation of fair use is rather strict .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
some general square dance conventions and festivals at the regional or state level include a challenge hall , but they typically have very limited NNS above NNP .	4	13	VBP	include	includes	9
other actors associated with the area include the wire star NNP NNP , and NNP ' ricky NNP .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
one major problem with ips cells is the way in which the cells are VBN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the addition of an interchange with a 2006 reconstruction of highway 61 south , columbia now has two NNS on the parkway .	1	16	VBZ	has	have	15
the 3 NNS of this enzyme are atp , NN , and NNP , whereas its 3 products are NNP , NN , and NN .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
this type of clue rarely appears in american NNS but is common in british and canadian NNS .	1	5	VBZ	appears	appear	4
one thing that will be considered baseball NN is the blown save .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the most original work in the JJ NN in the NN is his philosophical epic poem in six NNS , NNP NNP ( the ray of the NNP ) .	3	11	VBZ	is	are	8
contrary to this belief , researchers studying the effects of NNS and amino acid NN taken various times after a NN found no difference in a JJ hour period in the rate of NN of protein into the muscles or protein balance ( NNP et al .	5	44	VBP	et	et	39
the truth is that JJ NNP links ( NNS ) are actually quite hard to type ( with shift keys and all that ) .	6	10	VBP	are	is	4
the courts of first instance are the third JJ level organized in the judicial system of peru .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
unless an addition of NN ( but useless ) NN in an amount of several NNS per day is really the load that matters for the wp traffic and JJ space , he may continue this activity just as well .	9	18	VBZ	is	are	9
a NN study , three NNP , at the art institute of chicago , is similar in composition , though relatively more JJ in handling .	2	14	VBZ	is	are	12
an NN of quantum NN also exists in the model , as well as a number of important quantum phenomena .	1	6	VBZ	exists	exist	5
the possible solution lead suggested by NNP en NNP includes the naming controversy ( it looks like you both agree on its inclusion in the lead , which is a good thing with respect to VBG this dispute ) .	3	9	VBZ	includes	include	6
the list at the publishers is complete , accurate and up to date - our list is not guaranteed to be so as new books are published all the time .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
a NN fence is on the south , a parking lot in the rear and the front has a small lawn .	10	17	VBZ	has	have	7
the JJ season of the national division finishes , with NNP NNP winning the title .	2	7	VBZ	finishes	finish	5
players who have played for NNP include NNP and VBN JJ forward NNP NNP , forward NNP NNP , forward NNP NNP , forward NNP NNP , ecuador international defender NNP NNP , and the 1990 fifa world cup colombian goalkeeper ren NNP .	0	6	VBP	include	includes	6
the main attraction of NNP NNP is the NN of NNP from ten temples .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
a mystery that has yet to be resolved is its method of reproduction .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
therefore a mention of this word in the article NNP is reasonable and sufficient .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
the two key requirements of a NNP NN are a transport mechanism for the NN and specialty NNS ( NN textile NNS ) that are applied to the textile directly and are absorbed by the NNS .	3	8	VBP	are	is	5
sources , they simply become a mirror for anything anybody could go find on google .	0	4	VBP	become	becomes	4
south australia 's representative cricket teams , the NNP for men and the sa NNP for women participate in national competitions .	5	17	VBP	participate	participates	12
i think the concept of such states in general having female presidents is key here , not that kosovo itself has had only three presidents .	3	12	VBZ	is	are	9
there is no notability for these people outside of their detention ; a mention at JJ NNS at NNP bay is the only needed content .	13	20	VBZ	is	are	7
indeed the link to the general article is probably unnecessary .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the nearest stop on the NNP and wear metro system is NNP , which also serves the nearby suburb in north NNP ( north of the railway line ) called NNP ' , and a station at four lane ends is located a short distance away .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
his definition of the exceptional man is one who can give the world something new .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the city of lock haven is the county seat of clinton county , in the u .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP codes of ethics generally say you observe and report without VBG unless it is a matter of life and death .	1	5	VBP	say	says	4
one thing that i find especially interesting is that none of you have actually pointed out any specific factual errors or NNS that i have added to any of the articles .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the west branch of the NNP river runs through downtown NNP .	2	7	VBZ	runs	run	5
the origin of the species is still uncertain but NNP et .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
a key factor is that low NN preparations ( NN , NN ) are available .	7	13	VBP	are	is	6
the most notable single building in this group is the NNP hotel detroit , the former NNP research laboratory , built in 1902 along the detroit river .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
people belonging to every religion respect each other and JJ with peace and happiness .	0	5	VBP	respect	respects	5
the complete story , NNP NNP , a major german war criminal , spent some time in NNP NNP ( which he calls , RB , NNP bavaria ) while a NN after world war ii ; however , evidence that NNP even passed through is JJ .	39	45	VBZ	is	are	6
the exploration of planets other than earth seeks signs of JJ life .	1	7	VBZ	seeks	seek	6
the team mascot of the NNP is a white bird with JJ tail and wing NNS , named NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
in addition , a freedom of information request made by the daily telegraph shows internal police data that provides a breakdown of the ethnicity of the 18 , CD men and boys who police took action against for a range of NNS in london in october 2009 .	7	13	VBZ	shows	show	6
the record for the highest number of consecutive victories within a competitor 's age group belongs to penny NNP , who scored 25 such age group wins .	1	15	VBZ	belongs	belong	14
the history of the town gets its first legs on october 1 , CD when the area known as `` NNP 's NNP '' is confirmed JJ NNP mason , son of major john mason , acting on behalf of the hartford colony , by NNP .	1	5	VBZ	gets	get	4
always the company man , agent CD takes this story swing in NN and continues to fight the NNS .	3	7	VBZ	takes	take	4
her contributions to cnn 's news coverage include reporting on hurricane NNP , working with the victims and relief desk , and numerous JJ reports with cnn NN news .	1	7	VBP	include	includes	6
the tree spirits , angry that peter lead jimmy to them , try to VB peter 's memory so that the only thing left will be his JJ NN , but they are interrupted by NNP bell who releases her JJ energy on them .	2	12	VBP	try	tries	10
the original location was probably the small port of NNP NNP , where ruins of a castle still remain .	13	18	VBP	remain	remains	5
other organizations that provide similar software products include NNP corp .	1	7	VBP	include	includes	6
the image on the cover is significant because it represents the album back east by the joshua NNP trio .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the typical diet of a mature NNP frog includes ; NNS , NNS , NNS and JJ larvae .	2	8	VBZ	includes	include	6
the defining characteristic of a JJ vowel is that the tongue is positioned as in a back vowel , but slightly further forward in the mouth .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the village , like a few others located on the gulf coast , was a location where salt was VBN from the JJ pools in the area ; the salt trade in this area dates back to JJ times .	30	34	VBZ	dates	date	4
the JJ road ' , which only aid workers , NNS and journalists could pass through , is now open to everybody .	2	17	VBZ	is	are	15
NNP 's father is german , originally from hamburg , and NNP 's mother , who was born in new jersey , is of german and swedish descent .	13	22	VBZ	is	are	9
alternative uk prints without the VBG eyes ' effects exist , which show that during the final sequence , in the NNS , the kids VBP their eyes as they VBP ' NNP 's mind unlike the NN frames with added NN eyes used in the american prints .	2	9	VBP	exist	exists	7
the grid may be VBN ( as shown in the figure within the JJ section ) , or VBN ( thus , keyboards where the JJ keys are ordered in pure vertical columns are JJ to the standard ) .	22	33	VBP	are	is	11
the difference in composition between these two systems , and the fact that these NNS were scattered over various orders in more recent systems such as the NNP system and the NNP ii system suggests it was never a very good unit in the first place .	1	34	VBZ	suggests	suggest	33
just wondering , any reason why you have travelled instead of traveled , as it appears other words like NNP ' are written in NNP .	4	15	VBZ	appears	appear	11
while the idea of sending NNS RB never to return may be VBG upon first hearing , the rationale for JJ exploration and settlement trips has both historical and practical roots .	18	25	VBZ	has	have	7
there is limited support for NNP and NNP enclosed in an NNP container ( files using the NNP container format are not RB supported ) or NNP NN with the NNP NNP components .	14	20	VBP	are	is	6
look , even the closer VBZ that an article can exist with this title .	0	5	VBZ	recognises	recognise	5
NNP band members , tommy shaw , james young along with others put the benefit concert together in a short period of time .	2	12	VBP	put	puts	10
spider-man defeats the JJ leader , after doing this , spider-man escapes a VBG NN while the citizens returns to normal .	4	11	VBZ	escapes	escape	7
the range of NNS that is absorbed depends on the properties of the specific gas .	1	7	VBZ	depends	depend	6
a typical feature of almost every NNS ' is the NNP ' or the wrestling ring where NNS and the grown JJ practice various forms of wrestling .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
as well as low rainfall , NN problems were made worse by the fact that the JJS parts of england also have the highest population density , and therefore highest water consumption .	17	21	VBP	have	has	4
the government VBD that all people over the age of 8 years buy an amount of salt per year at a price that the government had set .	5	12	VBP	buy	buys	7
another area that will benefit from large-scale changes is `` NNP NNP '' , where the tracks will be pulled back to the central park , so that the NN can host two lanes .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
only deletion discussions ( afds ) are precedent setting , and then only for articles that are substantially similar or inferior - ie , if deleted as non-notable , bringing part of the text back as a stub is inferior .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
VBN by a new , JJR , and more efficient discovery made by NNP and NNP 's JJ strength , the building of the bridge rapidly begins to speed up , and the completion of the bridge VBZ .	10	26	VBZ	begins	begin	16
radar VBG causes a phenomenon called NN , which occurs when the NNP frequency created by NN motion VBZ the pulse NN frequency ( NNP ) .	13	18	VBZ	exceeds	exceed	5
the ceremonial jacket of the mounted unit is red in colour with black riding NNS with double gold NN on both sides of the NNS .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the rationale for using this image is that after a JJ search of the web for a JJ image of ross NNP , jr .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
as the tournament has been over for nearly a year now , the overall content of the article is unlikely to change , and most edit wars regarding the content have been resolved .	14	18	VBZ	is	are	4
the NNS for this image are with NNP .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
every clerk ( JJ ) in holy orders is under NN , not being let ( prevented ) by NN or some other JJ cause , to say daily the morning and evening prayer .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
i can prove that , in the CD case , the middle NNS of the last column and last row much have the same NN .	12	21	VBP	have	has	9
as eric NNP and colleagues found at NNP , the plants in these populations mostly lack NNS and have a high level of NN .	10	15	VBP	lack	lacks	5
an alternative definition from the NNP of an NNP is , `` a clearly defined geographical space , recognized , dedicated , and managed through legal or other effective means , to achieve the long term conservation of nature with associated NN services and cultural values .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
a list of google hits hardly VBZ as significant reliable sources .	1	6	VBZ	qualifies	qualify	5
the JJ NN of each JJ NN opens into the NN VBZ as it enters the NN NN .	2	7	VBZ	opens	open	5
NNP radio relay ( formerly radio relay link ) a NN translation , needs cleanup and NN .	2	13	VBZ	needs	need	11
the aim of the project is to create interest for the common european heritage of the NNP and its remains .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
since it is featured at both the beginning and end of the piece , the melody of the a strain is possibly the most JJ melody in the piece .	15	20	VBZ	is	are	5
moreover , any JJ combination of two JJ measures is also JJ , so NNP ( x ) is a NN set ; NNP ( x ) consists precisely of the extreme points of NNP ( x ) .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
whereas an JJ keyboard 's VBG NN makes dynamic NN easy to control , the piano keyboard 's lack of VBG NN makes it JJ .	18	22	VBZ	makes	make	4
NNS of sacred sites are concerned for the safety of all people , and the protection of sacred sites is integral to ensuring the NN of the country and the wider community .	15	19	VBZ	is	are	4
thanks for joining the NNP assessment team , this team is going to provide the NN of the evaluation for this project , so the quality of your work is important .	25	29	VBZ	is	are	4
the price of different string types varies dramatically ; NN and NN strings are typically the most expensive , followed by leading synthetic core brands , and student steel strings at the lowest price range .	1	6	VBZ	varies	vary	5
the cathedral , which was built in stages , is a major melbourne landmark .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the positions and NNS of NN are JJ .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
any user who VBZ that he is above the rules , like adam carr , is the source of the problem .	1	15	VBZ	is	are	14
the senators from the NNP are jacques NNP ( NNP ) , NNP NNP ( NNP ) , rachel NNP ( NNP ) .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the CD yard ( CD m ) NNP NNP is immediately east of the station site and the 93 yard ( CD m ) NNP NNP is a little further east towards NNP .	19	26	VBZ	is	are	7
all forms of the NN and NN are also not VB , but belong to the fourth family of ancient instruments under the NNS , the NNS .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
hal and NNP NNP make their NNS in this book , NNP , lou and the volunteers fighting disease make their only appearance , and the person who looks like neither a man nor a woman makes his or her final appearance in this book .	32	36	VBZ	makes	make	4
the nearby pub the NNP rose also built by the new town corporation , VBZ NNP NNP link to the NNP king henry viii who gave the town its charter .	2	14	VBZ	celebrates	celebrate	12
a 1937 time magazine about NNP harris describes the NNP law review as `` nationally famed .	3	7	VBZ	describes	describe	4
my NNS and i RB VBP your review and decision , and we thank you for your time .	1	5	VBP	await	awaits	4
NNP NNP 's location in the pacific ocean , where the southern and northern NNS meet , means that its beaches are VBN with NN and debris .	3	17	VBZ	means	mean	14
the comments , at least about NNS , are back ; especially NN is this hidden comment .	1	8	VBP	are	is	7
even though there is no NN , the group suggesting deletion certainly gives me the impression that there is .	8	12	VBZ	gives	give	4
the JJS method of fan control is simply to leave the fan on all the time .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
there are third party sources , as i state above the article even cites a critical one .	8	13	VBZ	cites	cite	5
the units for the chemical NNS are unusual since they can vary depending on the NN of the reaction , and the number of NN and product components .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
at best the argument to keep would maybe make an article about the book possible , but not the author , as of the two the book is the more well known .	19	27	VBZ	is	are	8
over a lifetime , even such simple activities as NN and NN leave JJ NNS on our bodies .	7	12	VBP	leave	leaves	5
the NN of this method is that the NN of a laser can not be changed by much .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the words `` NNP free '' are also on the tin NN .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
i still feel that the subject of the article is notable , but as i can not access the sources , i can not confirm their reliability , independence , and NN .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
NN VBZ that the two types of shell VBG found are from two different guns .	5	10	VBP	are	is	5
a group of NNS , also contributing properties , faces the building from across NNP .	1	9	VBZ	faces	face	8
no console of this generation is even in development yet , leaving the page nothing but speculation .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
i am not sure the accusation in violation of 3rr is correct .	5	10	VBZ	is	are	5
the main difference between NNS and NNS , is that NNS are not inserted inside the ear canal .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
our article on [ [ october 17 ] ] makes no mention of such a day in its holiday and NNP .	1	9	VBZ	makes	make	8
if some reliable external source such as a news agency picks the story up and VBZ it , then it might qualify for here .	4	10	VBZ	picks	pick	6
notable guest artists on this release include frequent NN and map the soul NN NNP , korean american NN NNP one , battle rapper NNP , NNP ( from NNP peoples ) , underground rap NN NNP , and VBZ group planet NNP .	2	6	VBP	include	includes	4
the amount of money spent on a character is not primarily what we look at .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the roof of the platform VBZ a JJ NN space and the sides of the platform use VBZ to reflect NN .	1	5	VBZ	utilizes	utilize	4
my object in VBG this arrangement is that the NNS should be at one time apparent and at another time VBN .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
whenever two masses orbit each other , the combined effect of the JJ NN of the moving objects produces JJ waves which carry away orbital energy .	9	18	VBZ	produces	produce	9
lists of common NNS are widely available and can make password attacks very efficient .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
cultural NN is itself a modern term and the extensive see also section in that article gives another NN of terms .	12	16	VBZ	gives	give	4
the largest village of the municipality is NNP with an administration building , a school , a hospital , several shops , a NN , some restaurants and a hotel .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
a central question in the JJ dynamic literature is the nature of control and regulation over resources and production .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
NNP 's famous animal sanctuary in NNP hills , the NNP national park , is also near .	4	14	VBZ	is	are	10
design and initially staff the NNP NNP first major step of the project preparation phase is to design and initially staff an NNP technical support organization ( NNP ) , which is the organization that is charged with addressing , designing , implementing and supporting the NNP solution .	9	15	VBZ	is	are	6
library NNS - NNP and al go to the library to VB some books .	1	6	VBP	go	goes	5
another custom for NN NN is to , depending on your custom of VBG NN and NN , is to have more than two NNS and three NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the end of the third season marks the final appearances of many original characters , including curtis NNP , frank NNP , ray NNP , NNP q .	1	6	VBZ	marks	mark	5
authors with similar names are sometimes included as one entry , for example , the ranking for `` NNP '' applies not only to the author of the adventures of NNP ( NNP ) , but also to b .	15	20	VBZ	applies	apply	5
the average age of the swiss international air lines fleet is 10 .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
a british amphibious assault during operation sutton leads to the battle of san carlos .	3	7	VBZ	leads	lead	4
one interpretation of the site is that successive generations visited the site to VB a stone in honour of their ancestors .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
ships and submarines in the royal navy each have a badge and motto , as do units of the royal air force .	0	8	VBP	have	has	8
the list of articles below is complete ( as of july 15 , 2009 ) with every legitimate swedish queen included .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the distinction between `` minimal '' and `` least '' is only possible when the given order is not a total one .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
newer guns , especially those made in taiwan and china , have metal internal and external parts .	1	11	VBP	have	has	10
the member states of the european union each have their own NN system concerning the export of JJ products .	2	8	VBP	have	has	6
input to the JJ NN comes from a variety of regions and carries a number of different chemicals .	0	5	VBZ	comes	come	5
editor NNP NNP said that `` their ( communist ) future in indian politics is in NN .	8	14	VBZ	is	are	6
rename - merger with jane NNP makes no sense .	2	6	VBZ	makes	make	4
an interesting property of the upper box dimension not shared with either the lower box dimension or the NNP dimension is the connection to set addition .	2	20	VBZ	is	are	18
one reason that the opera has stayed in the repertoire is due to the JJ JJ music provided by NNP for the tenor lead , which gives a talented singer many opportunities to demonstrate his NN skill and VB his voice .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
they are perhaps the most JJ of the NNP , the only type of legacy affiliation they maintain is the occasional exchange of information if they cross another NNP 's path .	12	18	VBZ	is	are	6
for those trained in written chinese , it serves as a common medium ; for those VBN in it , the graphic nature of the characters is in general no aid to common understanding ( characters such as `` one '' VBG ) .	22	26	VBZ	is	are	4
words for part of a whole , as well as most other NNS that do not fall into any of the aforementioned classes , are RB .	0	24	VBP	are	is	24
the name `` NNP '' is a tribute to italian flag which name is precisely `` NNP '' and it 's means `` three colors '' namely green , white and red .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
one plant that NNP owns jointly produces 20 NNS .	1	6	VBZ	produces	produce	5
a diagram in the notation consists of several shapes linked together by lines , much like NN toys .	1	5	VBZ	consists	consist	4
i think the very nature of the wikipedia enables us to cope with editors whose command of the english language is limited - we have editors from all over the world , and from many language backgrounds who are able and willing to help .	4	8	VBZ	enables	enable	4
the NNP police station at the NNS is a well known landmark .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
and the cast for both seasons is basically the same , i am not sure we need two images when the first one appears to have all the characters of the second season but one .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
list of polish flags also contains these photos .	0	5	VBZ	contains	contain	5
a famous example of his leadership in mathematics is his 1900 presentation of a collection of problems that set the course for much of the mathematical research of the 20th century .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
i am not sure what the quote about the dead commissioner adds to the article either .	6	11	VBZ	adds	add	5
two major roads , the NNP ( part of the former NNP NN ) and the NNP , also lead through NNP district to the polish border .	2	19	VBP	lead	leads	17
support after reading the article this seems highly notable , additionally the article is updated .	0	6	VBZ	seems	seem	6
a distinctive feature of this species is that the NN of the first JJ segment is yellow , VBG with the black NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
however intelligent the human race may be , we as a species - including myself and SYM - are prone to moments of NN and NN .	11	18	VBP	are	is	7
what makes this video unique is that rick allen 's drum kit is placed in the front of the stage , while the rest of the band performs behind him .	23	27	VBZ	performs	perform	4
the higher part , the common , is a large area of open land with houses around it .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the signature of each effect is a periodic NN when VBN as a function of JJ magnetic field .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the aim of the network is to help small business to make the most of the european NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
that is why all those buildings and monuments that look like VBN marble , stone , or steel NNS are just NNS .	5	19	VBP	are	is	14
the only previous NN system to use such a system of level boarding at high platforms is el NNP in NNP , ecuador , and the NNP system was said to be modeled on the NNP system , which has been very successful .	4	16	VBZ	is	are	12
the JJ flag of the NNP empire is a distinctive late JJ west african flag , frequently but probably RB described as the flag of the empire of NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the upper part of the NNP peninsula is a JJ ground for VBG NNS and generally protected during the summer months .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
river junction NNP is JJR than surrounding areas of the central valley , and is the only place in the valley where high concentrations of fine sandy NN are to be found .	23	28	VBP	are	is	5
to carry out the attack , a special NN file is created for NN in the system under attack , such that the first JJ block in two or more sectors is identical .	25	31	VBZ	is	are	6
comment the link that michael provides is a list of articles that pop up about peter joseph and his films or the movement he has created .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
a list of scholarly publications including more two hundred pieces of the author is to be found at the NN of google scholar .	1	13	VBZ	is	are	12
the use of a row of six NNS on the altar , or on a NN or NN behind it , is pure NNP , and a NN of the NNP NNP , as of all other authority in the church of england .	1	21	VBZ	is	are	20
the name of the incident itself is not yet well know .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
king 's alumni in the sciences include nobel NNS max NNP and sir frederick NNP hopkins ; NN sir francis NNP ; NN thomas NNP ; pioneer of in NN NN patrick NNP ; NN david NNP ; and the noted theoretical physicist peter NNP .	2	6	VBP	include	includes	4
the cliffs between hastings and NNP level are difficult to get to safely because of the JJ range of the english channel and the unstable cliffs .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
the drugs most commonly shown in films are NN , NN , NNP , NN ( see NNP film ) and NN .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
the most JJ city entirely within the district is NNP .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
structures JJ to the third NN are present in mammals , including some NNS .	0	6	VBP	are	is	6
the NNP NNP official JJ range under the NNP un NNP NNP standard for JJ NNS is .	5	16	VBZ	is	are	11
the head of department h whose origin is unknown .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
furthermore , markets , bus stands , railway station and arms markets are notable places of the western part .	2	12	VBP	are	is	10
possibly the final display including a statement of the move contributed to the NN , but , even so , something should be VBN , so that the length of the entry field corresponds to what the final display will support .	28	33	VBZ	corresponds	correspond	5
NNP 's wife ( rita NNP ) tells the truth to NNP .	2	7	VBZ	tells	tell	5
chapter 7 of the title 11 of the united states code ( bankruptcy code ) VBZ the process of NN under the bankruptcy laws of the united states .	0	15	VBZ	governs	govern	15
the rest of the mountain is dry and NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
random reports of what somebody claims they heard at a conference are in no way reliable .	1	11	VBP	are	is	10
the NN amino acids or NNP ( NN , NN , and NN ) are critical to this process , in addition to VB and other amino acids .	3	14	VBP	are	is	11
as per provisional reports of census india , population of NNP in 2011 is CD , CD ; of which male and female are CD , CD and CD , CD respectively .	8	13	VBZ	is	are	5
the surrounding townships and villages of NNP ( NN ) are NNP and speak NNP dialect of NNP mixed with NNP .	2	10	VBP	are	is	8
author of the article appears to be the same author of the idea it discusses .	0	4	VBZ	appears	appear	4
taking place RB with JJ delta , NNP sees the player as a member of the JJ private security organization tasked with hunting down autonomous vehicles driven NNS by the NNP , dubbed `` mad cars .	1	8	VBZ	sees	see	7
in signal processing , JJ NN occurs when a NN wave signal is sent through a NN JJ system , that is , a system whose output at time t only depends on the input at time t and does not depend on the input at any previous times .	26	31	VBZ	depends	depend	5
the cost of a NN or tower is roughly proportional to the square of its height .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the bottom product oil from the main NN contains JJ NN particles which were not completely removed by the NNS in the top of the reactor .	3	8	VBZ	contains	contain	5
the current director of the press is ron NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
other artists working on the series include NNP NNP , franco NNP , NNP NNP and NNP NNP .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
although this house was demolished in 1966 , the streets around where it lay include NNP avenue and NNP street named after the NNP NNS of bell 's youth .	9	14	VBP	include	includes	5
yet another explanation for the surname is that it is derived from the french words VBP , meaning NN ( the fruit ) , and NNS , NN plants .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the government of the united kingdom , therefore , VBZ as JJ point 2 of the spanish declaration .	1	9	VBZ	rejects	reject	8
one possible approach in VBG capital controls lies in the argument that conditions in the global economy are sometimes JJ .	12	17	VBP	are	is	5
however , a JJ subsidiary , midland bank ( branch NNP ) limited , continues to be registered at companies house .	4	14	VBZ	continues	continue	10
the placement of an employee on JJ status is usually at the NN of their manager .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the original manuscript or manuscripts are lost , and the names of its NNS are unknown .	10	14	VBP	are	is	4
farm to market road CD ( fm CD ) is a state highway in the u .	0	9	VBZ	is	are	9
in the table , the risk of valve failure seems to be greater in the JJ position as reported by some authors .	5	9	VBZ	seems	seem	4
the journey from chester to NNP in total is almost 14 miles in length , although the distance along the curve is only just over a mile and a half .	17	21	VBZ	is	are	4
the amendment to the NNP company law addresses one aspect of the overall costs of doing business as represented by the costs of starting a business .	1	7	VBZ	addresses	address	6
passenger airports in the region include bristol , exeter , NNP and NNP .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
this is also the only scenario where the source of the game 's name , dark NNP , becomes apparent .	8	18	VBZ	becomes	become	10
most editors in the present thread seem to consider the disruption caused by both users to be about equally JJ , and most do not address the duration of the ban , so i suggest we close this section as VBG an indefinite topic ban ( i .	1	6	VBP	seem	seems	5
a campaign of racism and JJ NN , initiated by local government , is a common practice in a number of areas in israel .	1	13	VBZ	is	are	12
the exact title of the JJ rulers depends on the source .	2	7	VBZ	depends	depend	5
NNP NNP is a JJ NN with no NNS , and his employer , NNP studios , is about to go out of business , particularly as the owner , l m NNP has RB VBN the corporation .	12	17	VBZ	is	are	5
cartoon in which an raf bomber is able to shoot down german fighters once the pilot and NN NN put on their NNS .	0	6	VBZ	is	are	6
the usual starting point for the NNP is north of snow shoe and south of NNP , on pa CD at the parking area across from swamp branch road .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the NNP mountains , which run between the black sea and the NNP sea , are a particularly rich mix of JJ , NN , and mixed forests , and include the JJ rain forests of the JJ JJ forests NN .	2	15	VBP	are	is	13
partner development can also VB letters of intent ( NNP ) that determine a JJ viable product , ' where JJ NNS by potential partners increase the NN that partners will later agree to binding relationships .	21	25	VBP	increase	increases	4
the standard for a bio is if the individual has had significant coverage PRP , normally for more than one event .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
i think the main difference between that and this is ( in fact ) a matter of scope .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
your comment is a good argument for protection of the article and NN of the content , as you describe how the proposed addition to the NNP report is really about wikipedia , not the show .	23	28	VBZ	is	are	5
the main stage in the auditorium is of NNP design with also an orchestra pit which can be RB raised to technically change the VBG design to that of a thrust stage .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
major JJ problems such as cancer , global warming typically require an JJ or VBN JJ to justify a label of `` crisis '' or `` disaster '' .	2	10	VBP	require	requires	8
the discussion of each philosopher serves as a road map for those seeking an NN into the primary works of each , which can be dense with unique terminology .	1	5	VBZ	serves	serve	4
the size and shape of the chamber depends on species , and the entrance hole is typically only as large as is needed to allow access for the adult birds .	1	7	VBZ	depends	depend	6
other locations in the village include the NNP hotel , NNP NNP , NNP cinema , NNP warehouse and a small police station .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
the grave of the opera NN NNP NNP is not at this cemetery , but at the neighbouring liberal jewish cemetery in pound lane , NNP .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the average residential electric rate in NNP county is about 3 NNS per NN hour .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
route CD , after leaving NNP , passes NNP mountain , a 2 , JJ ( CD m ) peak , and eventually the hudson river .	0	7	VBZ	passes	pass	7
particularly NN is a tendency to VB NNS and rules on the spot and VB that the product of his imagination is official wikipedia policy .	17	21	VBZ	is	are	4
the average taxes in the canton are higher than in most NNS , in 2006 , the tax index in the canton was CD .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the strength of a bone is JJ proportional to the cross JJ area , but the weight of an animal is proportional to the volume .	16	20	VBZ	is	are	4
wales the consideration ( in this case , the fee that you paid ) is in the stated currency .	9	14	VBZ	is	are	5
the main focus of the game is tourism , with new features that allow players to build tourist destinations .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
a unique feature of this district is that it encompasses all five geographical traditions of tamil literature ; NNP ( mountains ) , FW ( forest ) , FW ( JJ fields ) , JJ ( coastal ) and VB ( desert ) .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the project , which has attracted criticism of its effectiveness , aims to build a hospital in NNP NNP where women can received JJ surgery .	1	11	VBZ	aims	aim	10
the end of the world is almost here !	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
due to the popularity of rugby league almost all association football clubs in the city have the NN `` a .	11	15	VBP	have	has	4
while the plane of the NN is near the other feature 's shared reflection NN plane , it is definitely VBN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP NNS for higher frequencies are not function NNS in the strict sense since they typically produce pure or VBN JJ signals only .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the year next to the title of the affected films indicates the release year of the either dubbed or VBN version in the named language later than the original version .	1	10	VBZ	indicates	indicate	9
the bridge which carries the NNP road has two wide arches , and was of JJ construction .	1	7	VBZ	has	have	6
descendants and their families continue to be buried in the back portion of the NN .	0	4	VBP	continue	continues	4
NNP ( not a boss in game but gives information about the location of mary jane watson ) .	4	8	VBZ	gives	give	4
however , the problem with this assertion in terms of the JJ response NN of JJ NN is that a JJ characteristic of NN ( JJ NN size ) is inherent in the NN of percentage JJ NN .	21	29	VBZ	is	are	8
the links to `` minutes '' are the links to the official NNP 25 minutes , which document reports the NNS as passed .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
NNS refer to family NN , where atmosphere , hidden curriculum , and expectations and NNS of all family members determine , to a large extent , the educational development of each student .	13	20	VBP	determine	determines	7
thus the new JJ front page NN newspapers in the united states use a JJ web NN roll .	7	12	VBP	use	uses	5
the JJ bus NN to NNP NNP from the former bus station was NNP while the NN from NNP NNP is NNP .	16	20	VBZ	is	are	4
the level of NN of some of the NNS is quite JJ sometimes .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
camera control , located in the sensor operator 's console , operates and VBZ individual cameras for cloud cover , frame overlap and other functions .	1	11	VBZ	operates	operate	10
the average starting salary for a NNP graduate is among the highest in texas .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
according to 2000 census , population of the district is 9 , CD of which 3 , CD live in the town of NNP .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
the case of NNP ' NN is more complex .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the trend toward having ( RB JJ ) articles on the non-notable children of notable politicians is something that needs to change .	1	16	VBZ	is	are	15
perhaps [ [ list of NNS ] ] is a good place to start looking for all sorts of NNS .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
professor of NNP actively edits math articles .	0	4	VBZ	edits	edit	4
NNP 's job ( or class ) is dragon knight .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the mayor of NNP , johnny NNP , who took office in 2005 after eight years on the city council , operates an automobile body shop and does extensive metal artwork as an NN .	1	21	VBZ	operates	operate	20
more features that cause floating are air space , lightweight NNS and NN NNS .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
an interview with accompanying audio files , conducted by a JJ reporter with a JJ history in the project ( s ) , surely is .	1	24	VBZ	is	are	23
in NNP bad arabs ( isbn NNP ) , NNP writes that `` television 's image of the arab is JJ [ and ] is becoming a part of american folklore .	15	19	VBZ	is	are	4
the only way i can tell how big it is is by counting floors .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
NNS all over the world , and their families and friends , have van phillips to thank for being the NN of a JJ development .	8	12	VBP	have	has	4
the only surviving portion of the original JJ boundary wall at the main entrance of the NNP gives visitors an insight into the JJ village 's precious NN , which makes an interesting contrast with the newly constructed NN .	3	17	VBZ	gives	give	14
the first king who is considered historical and to have ruled over both peoples , is early 11th century NNP NNP .	2	15	VBZ	is	are	13
the rest of the story traces NNP 's intentions of trying to convince the girl of their previous life characters .	1	5	VBZ	traces	trace	4
the objective of the project is to develop a NN , integrated and JJ employment development strategy for the south-east region .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
throughout , my work as poet and NN remains a crucial reference point , representing a kind of standard in form and content that i VBP my other writing ( and translation ) VBZ to .	3	8	VBZ	remains	remain	5
the tone of the proposed copy is also clearly promotional , rather than encyclopedic .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
one example of the consequences of the exposure of developing animals , including humans , to RB active agents is the case of the drug NN ( des ) , a JJ NN and not an environmental NN .	1	19	VBZ	is	are	18
although JJ birds that are usually hidden within vegetation , their loud calls are familiar and give away their presence .	2	13	VBP	are	is	11
the subject 's statements about himself in interviews are likewise not JJ toward notability , although they may be JJ to content if there is any notability to start with .	3	8	VBP	are	is	5
the fact that the holocaust is still a very important , JJ and current matter today is , in fact , a great credit to the very hard work of a broad coalition of people committed to the NN of this NN - and it was an NN .	1	16	VBZ	is	are	15
nintendo 's president NNP NNP stated that NNP will be VBN through software as well as a human resource team in order to ensure that the content shared by users is JJ and that no NNS are shared .	26	30	VBZ	is	are	4
the location of that city ( or maybe a district ) is JJ .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
NNP ' care of things '' is heard , replacing `` kick it up a NNP '' , and instead of the background being black , it features a dark blue background with several NNS .	22	27	VBZ	features	feature	5
the b-side , `` NNP no melody '' , is also a NN ballad with prominent electric guitar .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
all pairs of NN NNS are also similar ; but not all pairs of similar NNS are JJ .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the story of the death of NNP has many versions .	1	7	VBZ	has	have	6
other authors with less status than my own have the right to be on wikipedia but due to the material concerned , i have absolutely no right to be there .	1	8	VBP	have	has	7
the JJ or classical height of a vector of rational numbers is the maximum absolute value of the vector of NN NNS obtained by VBG through by a lowest common NN .	4	11	VBZ	is	are	7
for good luck people VBP their face with holy water in the morning , their NNS at NN , and their feet in the evening before they go to bed .	21	27	VBP	go	goes	6
training and preparation for the NN often begins more than a year before the actual NN begins .	0	7	VBZ	begins	begin	7
the JJ region of the gamma NN is its NNP , which seems to be essential for assembly and NN .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the soldiers of NNP shah come to NNP 's palace and ask NNP NNP about this NN , by showing the NN and NN .	1	5	VBP	come	comes	4
the source , published in 1922 , is in the public domain .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
through annual conference , NNS , a web site , an NN , VBZ , a quarterly journal , member blogs , NNS , a NN and other services , NNP helps is members share information about NN education .	17	32	VBZ	is	are	15
NNP and related proceedings since most all the sources refer to NNP and not NNP .	3	9	VBP	refer	refers	6
the founder and first president of the school is fu NNP .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
examples cited of such NN include high unemployment during a JJ NN or economic organization of a country that VBZ full use of resources .	0	5	VBP	include	includes	5
the NNP NNP bicycle and JJ path has its northern terminus at NNP creek gateway park , located just north of where the bart tracks cross over san pablo avenue in richmond .	3	7	VBZ	has	have	4
the JJ gallery installations , paintings , sculpture , NNS , and furniture from different periods and cultures combine to create a rich , complex and unique narrative .	3	18	VBP	combine	combines	15
gregory says who entered it from their own country and `` laid waste as far as the city of NNP , '' identifies the country around cologne as being in their territory .	17	22	VBZ	identifies	identify	5
the area of the district is 1 , CD .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the main profession of the company is to combine psychology and sociology to create solutions in the sectors of human resource management , JJ and market research as well as marketing and public relations .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the core of the material retains its bulk properties , while the outer surface is significantly VBN to reduce wear and NN .	1	5	VBZ	retains	retain	4
NNP has RB proven with little or no direct challenge , more than once even , that the list of links in the NNP template is RB relevant .	18	25	VBZ	is	are	7
like most of NNP , the culture of the district reflects an JJ fusion , yet NNP experienced less NNP than the central NNP NNP .	6	10	VBZ	reflects	reflect	4
the stems of the NNS are JJ and covered with NNS , which frequently have insects stuck to them .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
associations of chinese NNP include the NNP association of singapore , NNP ( NNP NNP indonesia ) and the NNP NNP association , a performing arts group .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
the relative cost to what the average north korean can afford is not an issue here .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
fire with fire '' is the first single taken from american pop band NNP sisters ' third album , night work .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
the four NNS of the building are all RB decorated with classical NNS and NNS and are JJ to each other .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the goal of the research is to VB a set of new NNS that will measure the NN of business entities in unstable market conditions .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
things that get enabled on all 700 odd NNS tend to be less controversial and it would be JJ to seek consensus for all of them ) .	0	9	VBP	tend	tends	9
over time , however , as the levels of pleasure from using the drug decrease , the levels of withdrawal symptoms increase , thus providing motivation to keep using the drug despite a lack of pleasure from it .	17	21	VBP	increase	increases	4
the elaborate NN ceiling NNS in the principal rooms are JJ .	4	9	VBP	are	is	5
the length of the shell varies between 3 mm and 10 mm .	1	5	VBZ	varies	vary	4
although NNS are by definition NN , the next bell up from the NN is traditionally a whole tone higher in pitch , leaving a NN out of the instrument .	9	14	VBZ	is	are	5
a variant of the legend VBZ NNP with NNP and the name NNP with NNP ( a NN of the NNP plant ) .	1	5	VBZ	replaces	replace	4
from the big screen to the web , the NNP people of VBG now have a place on the internet following the launch of the 12 NNP website today .	10	14	VBP	have	has	4
different NNS of chemical elements have slightly different chemical NNS , but for most elements the differences are far too small to use , or even detect .	1	5	VBP	have	has	4
major bodies of water including santa rosa sound , NNP bay and east bay strongly influence the housing and life style of citizens in the southern part of the county .	1	15	VBP	influence	influences	14
but in simple cars this letter ( NN ) depends on the city .	5	9	VBZ	depends	depend	4
this gas , like its analog NN , is NN and highly toxic .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
list of NN in online personal NN page lacks any sort of source material and VBZ RB of original research .	0	8	VBZ	lacks	lack	8
the interpretation in terms of JJ momentum indicates the JJ size of the NN .	1	7	VBZ	indicates	indicate	6
it 's not VBG to me as a subject , what 's VBG is that NNP article and any subject mentioning it is a subject of edit wars since the start of wikipedia .	16	22	VBZ	is	are	6
NNP , ( rs ) CD ( CD ) JJ acid ( chemical formula NNP ) is one of the JJ acid class of JJ JJ drug ( NNP ) with NN and JJ effects .	10	16	VBZ	is	are	6
the editor could file a report to NNP so that a full administrator or a `` NNP '' blocks the vandal .	12	18	VBZ	blocks	block	6
another material for tea NNS is NNP , made from corn NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
fair use in nothing ( film ) though this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
in fact , the episode list for season 2 contains this information plus a summary .	5	9	VBZ	contains	contain	4
the source of cross brook is near NNP road in eastern franklin park , at .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
a final content policy , related to copyright , also exists but is generally irrelevant to problems of this kind .	3	10	VBZ	exists	exist	7
eventually the chain of JJ people reaches a cleaning lady who is involved in a JJ mission against a colony of NNS , one of whom is named don .	2	6	VBZ	reaches	reach	4
christ has destroyed death by his cross and NNP ; therefore , the union of man and woman in christ is eternal .	13	20	VBZ	is	are	7
it may just be my web browser being weird , but the second image in the route description section seems to push the history heading over .	13	19	VBZ	seems	seem	6
the form of the bare NN is also commonly taken as the dictionary form or citation form ( NN ) of an english verb .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the fact that high ranked officials have regularly been visiting kazakhstan RB shows that [ the united states government is ] keen to VB this cooperation .	1	12	VBZ	shows	show	11
once the prisoner is freed and sees the shadows for what they are he reaches the second stage on the divided line , the stage of belief , for he comes to believe that the statues in the cave are real .	35	39	VBP	are	is	4
just one point that might be worth mentioning though is that ( NNP ) the fcc NNS call signs .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
jewish NNS on the bible say that this NN ceremony served as the NN for the NN that all future candidates of high NN be JJ descendants of NNP the elder son of aaron and not NNP , the younger son .	1	5	VBP	say	says	4
the upper body of the NN RB is a JJ colour , VBG to VB white on the NN of the fish , often with blue NNS .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the most important thing they can do is to work to be content , happy , married and to have children .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
low energy use and heat generation is critical in NN design , where thermal load per unit volume has become one of the main limiting factors .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
accusations against me in this regard need to stop immediately .	0	6	VBP	need	needs	6
JJ manuscript once held in the cotton library , now held in the british library , and contains three NNS , providing important evidence for old english NN , as well as for learning and scholarship in NNP england generally .	1	17	VBZ	contains	contain	16
the most famous NN of the VBG action is jeff thomson , who VBD at extraordinary pace off a short run up .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
the use of the term NN is a privilege of successful completion of the course of study .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
a JJ JJ ship or submarine , by its very nature , develops a magnetic signature as it travels , due to a JJ interaction with earth 's magnetic field .	3	12	VBZ	develops	develop	9
the lady , NNP von NNP , recognizes the ring as one of the NN rings which she and NNP had VBN , and is VBN that her search for her missing lover is ended .	1	7	VBZ	recognizes	recognize	6
the new station building ( in current use ) dates from 1931 and was built by jean NNP for the cf de FW .	3	9	VBZ	dates	date	6
for that matter , forth programming language ( which uses the wikipedia standard naming for programming language articles ) already exists too , it just redirects to forth .	6	20	VBZ	exists	exist	14
the west window of the third presbyterian church is a memorial to mr .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the speed of growth accounts for the NN of the wood ; VBN wood has a lower density than cork .	1	14	VBZ	has	have	13
the editorial opinions , the banner NNS , the regional content , the district editions need to be managed .	2	15	VBP	need	needs	13
the words of jesus in the st john passion are NNS VBG toward NN , in the st matthew passion they are additionally highlighted by an accompanying string quartet .	1	9	VBP	are	is	8
its ancient ruins , such as those of memphis , NNP , NNP and the valley of the kings , are a significant focus of archaeological study , and VBZ from these sites are now displayed in major museums around the world .	2	20	VBP	are	is	18
in spite of this criticism by some JJ christians , many practitioners of JJ NNP continue to VB as roman catholic , even to the point of incorporating the lord 's prayer and the NNP mary into their services for the NNP .	11	15	VBP	continue	continues	4
her most famous book , the hiding place , describes the NN .	3	9	VBZ	describes	describe	6
the model of the solar system is similar to that of an atom , with planets VBG the sun like electrons VBG the nucleus .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
this system , often called `` cold NN '' , incorporates the same technology used for water treatment .	1	10	VBZ	incorporates	incorporate	9
elizabeth 's portrait , painted by john NNP , still VBZ on display , along with those of many of her NNP relatives , in the baltimore museum of art .	2	10	VBZ	hangs	hang	8
even the employment effect of minimum wages is not as clear cut as static models would have .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the latin name of the work means `` illustrations of plants '' .	2	6	VBZ	means	mean	4
the streets at the outer boundaries of NNP heights contain smaller lots .	1	9	VBP	contain	contains	8
some advocates of spiral dynamics argue that these are ways of thinking about things , not types of people .	1	5	VBP	argue	argues	4
the people of NNP NNP are mainly of the NNP JJ group of the NNP .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the successor of the dictionary is american national biography .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the convention on mutual administrative assistance in tax matters is a convention developed by the NNP and the council of europe which is open to members of both organizations .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
when people become better off , they have less children , because lots of NNS really are a pain !	12	16	VBP	are	is	4
the structure of the NN shows that its legs were placed under the body almost RB .	1	5	VBZ	shows	show	4
NNS which are consistently `` hot '' are recorded , and NNS who VBP raw NNP images receive a list of these NNS .	11	17	VBP	receive	receives	6
the other borders of the NNP are with the NNP and NNP rivers .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
name NNS in other organisms include NNP ( NNP ) and NNP ( NN ) .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
the offer of a state funeral is at the NN of the chief minister .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the special features of the NN ( large engine , smaller NNS , etc ) mean that , while it may not be the fastest boat under sail , the vessel is easily handled by a small crew .	2	15	VBP	mean	means	13
if 10 different reporters , from 10 different papers write about someone doing something , we delete it under NNP ( a policy i support ) .	3	9	VBP	write	writes	6
earlier recordings of the band are reminiscent of early joy division , while later songs VBD a less JJ approach with more JJ arrangements and NN .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
but the subject of this photo seems to be a flag , rather than the pier itself .	2	6	VBZ	seems	seem	4
a public house called `` the NNP 's head '' stands in the place where the NNS are thought to have once stood .	2	10	VBZ	stands	stand	8
NNS of this family contain 6 to 8 segments of linear JJ single VBD rna .	0	4	VBP	contain	contains	4
however , there have been a few rare cases in which a patient with NNP actually has a NN in the JJ gene for the NNP NN instead .	12	16	VBZ	has	have	4
NNP concentration and VBN emissions ( expensive , needs satellites ) , and so on .	1	8	VBZ	needs	need	7
a special feature of this class is that the electric NN motor can be VBN from the wheels .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
total number of NNS in NNP is 3 , 16 , 75 , CD which consists 2 , CD , 78 , CD male and 1 , CD , 96 , CD female .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
another thing you can notice if you dig around on their and NNP 's forums , is that they have a high tendency to mob whenever something or somebody has an opinion that goes against them .	1	16	VBZ	is	are	15
all his behaviour that i could not understand for a while is JJ with this .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
the NNP will be built in the southern hemisphere , in NNP states with NNS in south africa and australia , where the view of the NNP way galaxy is best and radio interference least .	23	29	VBZ	is	are	6
the north-eastern side of the mountain has many old volcanic NNS and NNS .	2	6	VBZ	has	have	4
many sources , including the phillies themselves , say that the NNS moved to philadelphia .	1	8	VBP	say	says	7
one can find almost any brand and cuisine on this stretch of the road and it is VBN with NNS and NNS but the density of the crowd depends on the time .	24	28	VBZ	depends	depend	4
initial analysis of the aircraft 's remains revealed the NN had sustained the greatest impact force , while the main cabin was mostly destroyed by the ensuing NN .	1	6	VBZ	remains	remain	5
one part of the block is to remove some websites from search results on search engines .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
but reaction of NNP with JJ produces NN only .	1	6	VBZ	produces	produce	5
run level CD , a NNP NNP of NNP head is on the statue .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
on the front of the box , it says `` the holly boy '' , and has a picture of a boy made of holly .	12	16	VBZ	has	have	4
a JJ boy named NNP NNP , who is just one and a half NNS tall , lives in a civilization VBN in an oak tree .	2	17	VBZ	lives	live	15
the figure of the party or coalition ( except NNS ) that has the most seats is highlighted ; those that outright wins a majority of seats in the senate ( 13 ) is VBN .	1	12	VBZ	has	have	11
but these attempts at forum shopping are JJ JJ , and are rapidly VBG the limits of an assumption of good faith .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
also a riot at a cricket ground is a significant event in its own right .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
every NN and factor group of a RB generated JJ group is again RB generated NN .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
the face of a runner stone usually has a carved depression , called the `` spanish cross '' , to accommodate the NN .	1	7	VBZ	has	have	6
song for my daughter is an album by american jazz pianist jack wilson featuring performances recorded in 1968 and 1969 and released on the blue note label .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
NN is a practice in which NNS and young children sleep close to one or both parents , as opposed to in a separate room .	6	10	VBP	sleep	sleeps	4
the greek text of the NN is the byzantine except in the book of acts .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
one way christians achieve this is to VB the NNP on the mount or the gospel of mark , the earliest of the JJ NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the first pages of issue one and the last pages of issue three feature a JJ of the human character NNP studying the history of the NNPS .	2	13	VBP	feature	features	11
so if a point which is in the centre of the grid , not at an edge or corner , has three incoming lines which are x 'd out , the fourth must also be x 'd out .	3	20	VBZ	has	have	17
her powers with the NNS are NN , communication , earth , and NN .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the JJ member of this language family , NNP , is the primary language of most of the residents of mongolia and the JJ residents of inner mongolia , china with an estimated 5 .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
the intervention of a NN squad saves the lives of both men .	1	6	VBZ	saves	save	5
the JJ standard scores of NNP level 1 , level CD cognitive evaluation ( ce ) , and level 3 have a range of JJ and a mean of 500 .	3	20	VBP	have	has	17
a distinctive feature of each retail store is the fine wine room containing over 300 different NNS ranging from the top NNP from NNP to emerging new world classics from around the world .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
to this day , the company that bears the family name continues to play a major role in the economic life of NNP .	5	11	VBZ	continues	continue	6
the seating capacity of the arena is 5 , 300 people for basketball games .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
pov account of the NNP battle , NNP is simultaneously reluctant to do the work or permit others to do the work to make the article a truly npov account .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
functions such as innovation , new product development , packaging , retail impact , competitive analysis , design measurement , NN and customer NN issues are in the NN of the design manager .	0	25	VBP	are	is	25
other supporters of the bill include senator NNP NNP clinton ( NNP ) and senator ted kennedy ( NNP ) .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
the subject of the film is himself a quite notable figure .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
perhaps the most famous european NN bell tower , however , is the so-called `` VBG tower of NNP '' , which is the NN of the NNP di NNP in NNP , italy .	7	11	VBZ	is	are	4
a few mentions of the sound in the early modern era ( late 18th and early 19th centuries ) seem to be VBN , either by the writers or perhaps by locals VBG the phenomenon .	2	19	VBP	seem	seems	17
the marginal note , known from its opening ( latin ) word as the NNP NN , dates from the ninth century , or even earlier , and is a record of a legal case over land .	2	17	VBZ	dates	date	15
some words , like ( PRP ' ) , have stress in free variation .	1	9	VBP	have	has	8
the song , which primarily VBZ to the pirates of the caribbean film series , also contains references to jerry NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP , and NNP .	1	16	VBZ	contains	contain	15
the date of sin NNP , la NNP NNP 's next cd , is march 17 , 2009 for the us .	1	13	VBZ	is	are	12
although the JJ elements are much VBN down for the tv series , the relationship between NNS bo and luke duke is much the same as NNS bobby lee and NNP in NNP .	14	21	VBZ	is	are	7
his NNS in the NNS include a .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
the new album , which was released in october , promises to be another JJ document from a band whose only constant seems to be their capacity for invention , their desire to keep moving forward .	2	10	VBZ	promises	promise	8
the NN point of an element ( or its compounds ) is able to control the percentage of that element a power reactor accident releases .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
members of the finance council are to be appointed for five years , but at the end of this period they can be appointed for other JJ terms .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
the name `` NNP '' references the film NNP ( 1984 ) , in which an ancient JJ deity called NNP possesses the character dana barrett and VBZ , `` there is no dana , only NNP '' .	1	5	VBZ	references	reference	4
the territorial jurisdiction of central university of punjab is whole of the state of punjab .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the spring months ( march to may ) are usually mild and often quite pleasant .	2	8	VBP	are	is	6
the rest of the video shows them both showing NN over this JJ decision .	1	5	VBZ	shows	show	4
unincorporated communities in the state of pennsylvania are JJ communities that are part of one or more incorporated municipalities but are not independent municipalities in their own right .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
for instance , the NN web design that continues to be the standard of choice for internet applications is for email production purposes RB VBP upon NNP standards that are rarely met by today 's most common email clients .	6	18	VBZ	is	are	12
this naming scheme and NN of the designs is the reason of the cycle pattern in the NN NN notes .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the average age of the NNS is very high - around 44 years - and the NNS are cultivated RB .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the problems that caused this case are with his his judgment and communication .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
the JJ environment of the chamber VBZ the NN of JJ NNS of the NN , VBG NN NN .	2	6	VBZ	favors	favor	4
the closest thing that comes to mind is arrow 's NN theorem .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
fair use in NNP NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
other names in common use include JJ JJ , JJ , JJ NN , JJ JJ NN , NN NN , JJ NN NN , JJ JJ JJ NN , and JJ NN NN .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
in typical military strategy , the success of any cavalry charge depends on the infantry breaking ranks so that the cavalry can VB them down .	6	11	VBZ	depends	depend	5
the highest natural point in the county and the state of rhode island is NNP hill at CD feet ( CD m ) .	3	13	VBZ	is	are	10
the percentage of households with permanent housing for the north central coast is 75 .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
the way it is constructed , presented makes it memorable .	1	7	VBZ	makes	make	6
one variant on the NN style is the NN NN .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
NNP jobs in japan , but here are some that list NNP japan [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ] [ 5 ] here are university staff who include NNP japan in their professional NNS .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
the size and structure of the JJ shark 's mouth and NN suggests that it uses NN to capture prey .	1	12	VBZ	suggests	suggest	11
sorry , but this proposal for a community ban is nonsense , imo .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
in the course of time the collection was VBN with sentences drawn from other writers , especially from JJ writings of NNP ; the number of genuine verses is about 700 .	24	28	VBZ	is	are	4
shortly after the league 's championship was awarded in january 2010 , both the league website and rhode island storm websites went inactive and the league RB disappeared .	15	20	VBZ	websites	website	5
the most common type of mass NN ( ms ) associated with a gas NN ( NNP ) is the JJ mass NN , sometimes referred to by the NNP ( now NNP ) trade name `` mass selective NNP '' ( NNP ) .	3	18	VBZ	is	are	15
the JJ nature of the NNP license also allows derivative works of code released originally under the NNP license to become less JJ with time .	2	8	VBZ	allows	allow	6
other european countries with significant tax reform efforts are france , italy , norway , spain , and the united kingdom .	2	8	VBP	are	is	6
the west side of berlin mountain VBZ into the little NNP river , NN into the NNP river , and on to the hudson river .	2	6	VBZ	drains	drain	4
in her will , the NNP VBD many of her possessions to the autonomous region of the NNPS ; a permanent exposition in the public library and regional archive in NNP NNP VBZ her literary history .	21	32	VBZ	celebrates	celebrate	11
the story of t NNP has its `` NN '' moments when it comes down to it .	1	5	VBZ	has	have	4
NNP 's example of a JJ form is NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the tower and NN are CD feet ( 41 m ) high , and the walls of the building are 18 inches ( 45 .	15	19	VBP	are	is	4
her novel the NNP eye VBZ how `` NN '' and `` beauty '' dominate black women 's lives as NNS of white women as the standard of beauty .	1	5	VBZ	examines	examine	4
NNP NNP ( reed diamond ) , head of security at the NNP during most of the first season , takes his job very seriously , but does n't think very highly of the NNP themselves , viewing them more as robots than humans .	7	20	VBZ	takes	take	13
the act of VBG involves incorporating `` green '' products and processes into one 's environment , such as the home , work place , and general lifestyle .	1	11	VBZ	processes	process	10
interpretations of this claim vary widely .	0	4	VBP	vary	varies	4
the song `` NNP '' is the longest track on the album and is completely written in german .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
schools serving the town include NNP elementary school ( grades NNP ) , NNP junior high school ( grades JJ ) , and NNP high school district ( grades CD ) .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
the stories of the creature known as a NN are as diverse as the spelling of its name , though they are all connected to NN cultures through a common derived belief in the NNP ( , ) .	1	9	VBP	are	is	8
the obvious benefit of this approach is that there is no loss in accuracy and it does not require a NN exercise .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
perhaps it needs NN , but the legend of NNP 's gold mine is a NN JJ part of the history of british columbia 's greater vancouver area and deserves a spot in your work .	7	13	VBZ	is	are	6
the village is VBN where the JJ roman road known as NNP street crosses the river NNP .	8	13	VBZ	crosses	cross	5
NNS goes RB and NNS through the ring of fire during the grand finale , and the audience , following a VBN principal victoria 's lead , gives a standing NN .	17	27	VBZ	gives	give	10
a third book `` NNP '' ( 1994 ) set during the war , is part fiction , part documentary .	2	14	VBZ	is	are	12
NNP family '' but the linked town simply mentions that NNP can be a surname as well .	1	8	VBZ	mentions	mention	7
the dutch renaissance scholar and JJ NNP is a late example of NN ; though sometimes referred to as `` NNP NNP '' or `` NNP of NNP '' , he was VBN only as `` NNP '' , after the NN NNP of NNP .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the `` family NNP '' documents , VBN by the cia in 2007 , suggest that before the bay of NNP invasion robert kennedy personally authorized one such assassination attempt .	5	14	VBP	suggest	suggests	9
the other type of NNP , NNP NNP , is due to an JJ NN NN and affects dominant hemisphere control .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the first major references to japanese naval actions against other asian powers occur in the accounts of the NNP NNS of japan by NNP khan in CD .	3	12	VBP	occur	occurs	9
the shot of the hotel 's sign appears at the beginning of every episode but one , `` the germans '' , when a hospital is used , since it is the only episode which does not begin at the hotel .	1	7	VBZ	appears	appear	6
some typical uses of digital NNS are in circuits requiring gain control of NNS ( frequently NN NNS ) , JJ NN , and VBD NN .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
jean NNP writes of NNS ' which are JJ and JJ NN activity and the acquisition of knowledge , and are able to draw the perceived environment into their orbit .	2	20	VBP	are	is	18
the goal for creating a good JJ algorithm is to match the work complexity of some JJ ram model algorithm while VBG q ( n , l , z ) .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the use of JJ music and parallel NNS in the NN of the chinese tea cup is an example of use of `` NN '' in orchestral music .	1	16	VBZ	is	are	15
the editing policy VBN on the article is completely out of line and criminal .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
election to the assembly is by single JJ vote ( NNP ) , a form of proportional representation .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
the proper noun , NNP , is identical to the latin common noun ( and only to that noun ) for `` staff '' in the sense of NN or formal NN , a badge of governmental authority .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
ultimate output of the third NN is thus the same as that of the preceding second NN .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
no one is VBN of any financial NN as a result of this image being uploaded to wikipedia , because this image and its content has no known face value .	21	25	VBZ	has	have	4
the included application programming NNS ( NNP ) allows to VB and extend the NNS of websites .	2	8	VBZ	allows	allow	6
the number of JJ bands in a sensor system determines the amount of detail that can be obtained about the source of the object being viewed .	1	9	VBZ	determines	determine	8
here the plain and simple reading is that mr .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
this degree of NN of light depends on the frequency ( color ) of light .	1	6	VBZ	depends	depend	5
however , the list and form of documents is open to imagination and NN and might contain requirements to present documents issued by a neutral third party VBG the quality of the goods shipped , or their place of origin .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
also , a medical and research institution at the great NNP street hospital for children in london , uk , bears his name ( the NNP NNP centre ) .	6	20	VBZ	bears	bear	14
the money from these funds the bbc , since it is a JJ broadcaster .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
the store just off interstate 80 on the southern edge of sidney , nebraska VBZ some of the elements .	1	14	VBZ	illustrates	illustrate	13
they immediately feel attracted to each other and NNP tells her the man who is casting the roles is henry NNP ( NNP ) , the screen writer .	12	18	VBZ	is	are	6
comment for anyone hunting for a better version of this image , this is a picture of the launch of NNP .	0	13	VBZ	is	are	13
the pronunciation of NN in korean is not identical to the way they are pronounced in modern chinese , particularly NNP , although some chinese dialects and korean share similar NNS for some characters .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the look and feel of the site appears to have been created to attract a young , hip sports fan .	1	7	VBZ	appears	appear	6
yet when he sends someone to collect what is due , the NNS of the past , his NNS refuse to pay up and hurt each succeeding servant worse than the last , meaning the increasing NN of the will of god .	12	19	VBP	refuse	refuses	7
journal of indian history , volume 42 , page CD he RB traces his lineage back by 49 preceding generations without a break to one of the kings of ancient NNP .	8	12	VBZ	traces	trace	4
the overall distribution of legislative seats is largely determined by the results for the sixteen senate and forty house district seats , elected by NN voting .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the country of birth of people living in NNP is 1 .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the NN of friction between the block and surface is ( .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the colors of the design elements are those traditionally associated with the ideals of the united states and of the u .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
edition of the NN finds to the point of publication .	0	4	VBZ	finds	find	4
the surgical NN methods that have reduced JJ NN include JJ breast JJ placement , using either VBN or JJ NNS , the mentor worldwide llc corporation , one of the two , u .	3	9	VBP	include	includes	6
if the problem with the golden NNP article is fringe material , then NNP program deserves attention too , as it is the main article on NNP flying and the NNP effect , the JJ fringe material in the NNS article .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
location , location , location is a channel 4 property programme , presented by NNP NNP and phil spencer and produced by NNP media , part of the NNP media group .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
the launch , originally called NNP , follows on from NNP , which launched in march 2011 .	1	7	VBZ	follows	follow	6
the latest NN to the gay NNP hall of fame is robert l .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
the only reason this should be deleted is if you have no interest in american politics , freedom of speech and suicide awareness .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
examples of surfaces VBG this equality are hard to find .	0	6	VBP	are	is	6
archaeological evidence from syrian button seals supports this interpretation .	1	6	VBZ	supports	support	5
so the voltage at any point in an electric field is a measure of how much energy a charged particle will acquire as it moves through an electric field , and the less of the field it moves through , the less energy it will acquire .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
i do think that the article as it currently exists is not notable enough to stand on its own , but i do think that a list of .	5	10	VBZ	is	are	5
the only `` reference '' i could find is JJ .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
the amount of participation ( or lack RB ) has little to do with the issue ; behavior will be the deciding factor .	1	9	VBZ	has	have	8
the southeastern , more JJ half of the county is either flat near the river or RB RB .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
the distances between the objects are quite far compared to the NN so we can VB the NNS of the bodies as lines instead of circles .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
instead , the object of the raising verb appears to have `` VBN '' from the subject position of the embedded NN , in this case from the embedded NNS to read and to have said .	3	8	VBZ	appears	appear	5
passing time in the NNP is a book series published by NNP book ltd .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
sex on fire '' is the first single released from american alternative rock band kings of leon 's fourth studio album only by the night .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
the area surrounding the NNP temple is now a public park , and the site features extensive gardens and a small lake .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the composition of the area is JJ , as communities within it have been and are merged into each other , even into ones that are not seen to belong into NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
a google search for NNP corp produces only a surgical supplies business in NNP , NNP .	2	6	VBZ	produces	produce	4
their work in this area covers consumer financial protection , patient safety , consumer product safety , auto safety and worker safety .	1	5	VBZ	covers	cover	4
invasion of the moon creatures is an episode of the award-winning british comedy television series the NNPS .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
the visual form of these curves is often JJ of a JJ NN , and indeed many kinds of NNS , including those known as JJ NNS , project to the plane as JJ figures .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
in addition , all films are shown in english as well in certain theaters ( especially in major cities and JJ areas such as the west island ) , and in fact , some theatres , such as the NNP cinema montreal , show only movies in english .	34	43	VBP	show	shows	9
NNS and NNP gothic font , thus the licenses of these two NNS are both regarded .	0	13	VBP	are	is	13
the NNS along the middle rhine form the JJ region of the same name , see NNP ( wine region ) .	1	6	VBP	form	forms	5
as of 2010 , the leading conferences in the field include intelligent systems for molecular biology ( NNP ) , NNP , and the cold spring harbor laboratory and NNP institute 's meetings titled `` biology of NNP '' and `` NNP NNP '' .	6	10	VBP	include	includes	4
an example of such a label is the NNP label owned by abc while at NNP records in the uk .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
most [ whatever ] movie until something better comes out next week .	4	8	VBZ	comes	come	4
during lunch , lee reveals that dawn had always said the most important quality she looks for in a man is a good sense of NN , though dawn ( in tim 's presence ) suddenly stated that it was `` VBN good looks .	13	20	VBZ	is	are	7
architect of the mind is a concept album on artificial intelligence .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
current band members in a VBG line-up include NNP NNP , lisa NNP , brian turner , josh NNP , gary NNP , georgia NNP , and NNP NNP .	2	7	VBP	include	includes	5
all the farmers in this village are small and marginal farmers .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
unfortunately , articles that were at one time available at news stands are now in JJ archives or available in public libraries on NN .	2	12	VBP	are	is	10
a latest part of the site that 's been developed is the `` drama studio theatre '' which was funded by the school 's humanities college status .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
in fact , practically all NNS in common use are just one NN long , giving , in combination with a JJ or JJ long personal name , a JJ or JJ full name .	5	9	VBP	are	is	4
in mathematics ( more specifically geometry ) , a NN is a JJ JJ shape that forms half of a circle .	5	10	VBZ	is	are	5
JJ NNS that if no more positive social identity relating to one 's traits is available , then even the most negative social identity , no matter with what aggressive and harmful behavior it is associated , is preferred to total loss of identity .	8	14	VBZ	is	are	6
the aspect of this that sometimes VBZ people is that the usage changed as computers became widely available .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the exact present size of NNP 's population is unclear .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
the sides of the neck are white ; this sometimes continues across the NN .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the author , whilst doing historical research in norfolk , supposedly meets various surviving characters .	1	11	VBZ	meets	meet	10
the point of the project is to have students make contributions to wikipedia .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the fact that one member was featured on media is not enough for inclusion of website he VBZ visits .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the third section of the film depicts a dance battle called the battle zone which takes place between NNS and NNS at the great western forum in 2004 .	2	6	VBZ	depicts	depict	4
the historical origin of JJ pop comes from a japanese JJ base instead of a chinese NN base .	2	6	VBZ	comes	come	4
his concern for his people is one part of the dialogue and runs throughout the letter .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the educational and cultural institution , founded in 1873 , now consists of a main library , central library , located in downtown indianapolis , and 22 branch locations spread throughout the city .	4	11	VBZ	consists	consist	7
the bend charged with the NNS , taken from the arms of lorraine , is representative of world war i service and is red to indicate that the CD cavalry served as field artillery during world war i .	1	14	VBZ	is	are	13
the quality of the article is not part of the deletion rationale here .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the exterior NNS of the NNP are among the finest in italian architecture .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the increase in prey availability VBZ into higher energy NN and reduced energy output .	1	5	VBZ	translates	translate	4
appears that the only thing that we can VB is that they are secret , hardly a notable NN .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
an alternative career or summer opportunity for the ensemble NN is to work for a music festival , either professional or educational .	5	10	VBZ	is	are	5
the duty of the ordinary NN is therefore to love the NN and be VBN to him .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
wood or a synthetic material with similar properties is the best option for small NNS , NNS and NNS .	0	8	VBZ	is	are	8
the only point you raised which i have not tried to address is the problem of `` NN '' .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
however , the fact that NNP is NN is not , in itself , reason to delete these articles -- many JJ disciplines , such as NN , have generated a great deal of encyclopedic material .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
students who remain in good academic standing also have the opportunity to attend JJ field trips , which include visits to parks , the zoo , the movies and NNS .	0	8	VBP	have	has	8
a decision to take one 's own life thus appears to be a NN that one belongs to god .	1	9	VBZ	appears	appear	8
schools in the area are morgan academy secondary school , NNP primary school and NNP primary school .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
in comparison , the use of a generator requires only apparatus and materials commonly available in a laboratory .	4	8	VBZ	requires	require	4
the first mention of the road , however , is from CD when the NNP was founded on the street .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the estate of NN howard NNP owns the rights to the radio broadcast .	1	6	VBZ	owns	own	5
many mechanisms proposed for JJ processes are poorly understood and often fail to explain all relevant phenomena .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
the new complex , spread across two buildings and seven floors , has a focus on active creative production in all disciplines , and on the further advancement of cultural identity in new zealand .	2	12	VBZ	has	have	10
this portion of the route is very JJ , as it was constructed to follow the NNS of the land by moving RB , rather than JJ or via cuts .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
softball 's governing body for men and women is the softball federation .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
advantages claimed for a `` NN NN '' include improved patterns , reduction of NN , and an increase of NN in a NN that does not have JJ NN tubes .	0	8	VBP	include	includes	8
a physical environment that contains JJ features makes psychological patient state worse .	2	7	VBZ	makes	make	5
NNP 's vision of the future for newspapers online is that if readers are targeted and the content offered is of a high quality , people will be willing to pay for it .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
with perennial NNS , the same representation of the year serves for every year .	6	10	VBZ	serves	serve	4
this is primarily notable because it immediately VBZ the NNP sports complex ( home of both NNP stadium and NNP stadium ) and also because the entrance NNS from NNP IN onto NNP NN also serve as the exit NNS from NNP into the NNP sports complex parking lots .	27	35	VBP	serve	serves	8
in any event , the important issue is that my request at the page VBZ the confusion VBN by that page .	10	14	VBZ	fixes	fix	4
the JJ product of a NN and the corresponding NN is always 0 .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
if this is considered an JJ usage of administrator privileges , i do RB request that an administrator other than NNP VBZ my account at the english wikipedia ( [ 7 ] with an arbitrary new username ) .	17	21	VBZ	deletes	delete	4
the NN NNP ( also op ) is a more general term that encompasses craft , NN , toy , and JJ items that are out of production .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the NN of automatic tracking is that , depending on the algorithm , the computer can be easily confused as it tracks objects through the scene .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
there is to date no JJ european system for patent NN , so the courts of each NNP NNP state retain the final say .	14	20	VBP	retain	retains	6
the total number of participants who actually voted is 9 , CD .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the interchange form of an NNP application consists of the resources ( files ) that represent the compiled application prior to its actual execution by an NNP user agent .	2	7	VBZ	consists	consist	5
but my main motivation for wanting his adminship is the work he 's doing on pages with adult content .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
it is inappropriate that the people who are being supervised are those doing the NN .	5	10	VBP	are	is	5
NNS , evolution , and JJ genus name , NNP , means `` NN '' in greek , while the species name , NN , means `` VBN '' or `` VBN '' in latin , a reference to the dorsal crest found in NN cubs .	21	25	VBZ	means	mean	4
air shows , hundreds of planes , and many other attractions keep the tourists coming back for more each year .	1	11	VBP	keep	keeps	10
the goal of the NNP is to stop the ongoing pollution , clean up the existing NN and restore the watershed .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
another purpose of the dam which has been widely reported in the turkish press is to reduce the freedom of movement of NNP NNS .	1	14	VBZ	is	are	13
his continuing albeit JJ attempt to VB me clearly VBZ wikipedia policy .	4	9	VBZ	violates	violate	5
the agencies of the united nations recognize same-sex marriages if and only if the country of citizenship of the employees in question recognizes the marriage .	14	22	VBZ	recognizes	recognize	8
the 3 to 6 eggs , each laid 2 days apart , are JJ with fine JJ NNS all over .	4	12	VBP	are	is	8
the source of the mo NN river is in the northern hills of NNP and NNP in NNP , and in tibet .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the technical offices that are frequently found in NNP missions include health and family planning , education , environment , democracy , and economic growth .	2	10	VBP	include	includes	8
in addition , some parts of the immediate area surrounding west plains are covered by rural schools .	4	12	VBP	are	is	8
the underlying principle shared by NNP 's NNS , currently , NNP continues its research into improving access to science technology and agricultural information RB available on the web , under the NNP umbrella .	2	12	VBZ	continues	continue	10
this contact and NN of JJ peoples with NNP peoples and the influence of this processes on language RB VBZ the picture presented by comparative linguistic research .	1	15	VBZ	processes	process	14
the sources i note above specifically compare organic food to conventional food , and i suspect we need that type of sourcing here , not just sources that says NNS can be harmful ( which no one seriously disputes ) .	1	6	VBP	compare	compares	5
other terms that are used RB with NNP are mexican americans , NNPS , and NNP .	1	8	VBP	are	is	7
the language families proposed for inclusion in NNP vary , but all NNPS agree on a common core of language families , with differences of opinion appearing over the inclusion of additional families .	2	13	VBP	agree	agrees	11
the governing body for rugby union in the NNPS is rugby NNPS , founded in 1963 and their headquarters is located in NNP .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the voyage of the hudson to NNP is also troubled , as tension rises among the members of the expedition .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the long period of NN of the westminster NNP by westminster abbey is an example ; until the 19th century it was only regarded as a useful piece of timber .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
the area of NNP municipality , also known as NNP , is 36 .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
for example , the spelling `` NNP '' appears on the local government 's english language NN as seen at its web portal , NNP is also the origin of NNP 's designated internet country code JJ domain .	4	25	VBZ	is	are	21
the only NN NN type b accessible in the united states is NNP .	4	11	VBZ	is	are	7
the results of official investigation by british authorities remain secret .	1	8	VBP	remain	remains	7
the string VBZ against the wood and is somewhat JJ because the VBG portion of the string is in direct contact with the flesh of the player 's finger .	13	17	VBZ	is	are	4
better modes for rectangular NN in JJ NNS are NNP and NNP .	1	8	VBP	are	is	7
the total generating capacity of the project is 5 , CD mw .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
a precursor of NNP NNS is the NNP talk command , and similar facilities on earlier systems which enabled multiple users on one host system to directly talk with each other .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the products n ( JJ ) count the number of combinations of n elements taken two at a time .	1	6	VBP	count	counts	5
the three decades covered by the CD letters in this collection provide the context for her major contributions as a political activist , feminist and writer .	2	11	VBP	provide	provides	9
in this film , JJ german actors such as NNP NNP , paul NNP , NNP NNP and NNP NNP appear alongside the children of other stars of that earlier era .	6	20	VBP	appear	appears	14
another NN for this species is that food is often lacking in their habitats , so they VBP for this NN of food with JJ behavior .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the reason for the NNS between this list and the list for 1993 , 1994 and 1995 , is because the NNP man asked me to change this list ( on his review above ) .	1	18	VBZ	is	are	17
in outline , the key to NNP 's construction of his system is to VB enough of the NNP machinery to talk about NN RB without being able to VB NN .	4	12	VBZ	is	are	8
an organ at NNP lutheran church in new NNP , new jersey , is the first documented organ in that state ; the first organ in pennsylvania also arrives in this year .	24	28	VBZ	arrives	arrive	4
i believe the movie you are VBG is the NNP .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
february 2012 ( utc ) also NNP 's summary `` JJ per blp -- some of those are n't even the same person '' is false .	8	24	VBZ	is	are	16
furthermore , your suggestion that the JJ map should point to this NN also sounds RB reasonable .	3	14	VBZ	sounds	sound	11
nursing students , medical students , residents , NNS , and other physicians from various institutions around the world , VBP through the stone clinic and mentor with stone .	1	20	VBP	rotate	rotates	19
they soon discover that the murder at the NNP parliament is part of a campaign by a new sixth clan to take over the ways .	5	10	VBZ	is	are	5
the NNP generation of the toyota NNP NNP and toyota NNP NNP is a small , lightweight NN introduced by toyota in 1983 as part of the fifth generation toyota NNP lineup .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
according to these NNS , all the songs on the `` album '' are cover songs on which fletcher sings lead vocals .	7	13	VBP	are	is	6
the two 14 line parts of the poem again VBZ a formal poetic style , the NN and again it is a broken and JJ version of this form .	16	20	VBZ	is	are	4
they simply tell the reader that a unit in the game exists and describe the units .	7	11	VBZ	exists	exist	4
the assertion that `` article writing is not a JJ requirement for admins '' is one of personal opinion , not fact .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
listed are all the albums in order of their release ( list of minor NNS is partial ) , not including NNS , unless they charted .	11	15	VBZ	is	are	4
why thank you , the wiki on a stick seems like what i want .	5	9	VBZ	seems	seem	4
no claims as to notability appear in the text .	1	5	VBP	appear	appears	4
i can understand the first part of the sentence being the videos that surface and then are VBN by everyone , but for the second part of the sentence , the way it 's written , such an approach seems JJ .	31	39	VBZ	seems	seem	8
the oldest NNS in the world are from here and nearby in argentina ( like the NNP ) , which suggests that the first NNS may have originated in the area .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
each shooter will have his or her own table of NNS , and the winner of the round is the shooter whose entire NN of NNS hits the ground first .	14	18	VBZ	is	are	4
the title , in its variant form `` NNP '' , is especially common amongst muslim NNS in bengal and the punjab .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
the rising point of the sun varies throughout the year .	2	6	VBZ	varies	vary	4
looks to me like you both need to take a NN NN .	0	6	VBP	need	needs	6
the main objective of this institution is to VB knowledge to the students in different fields .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
if more than one player can call NNP , the player with the lowest sum is the round winner , or all players with the same lowest sum are the round winners ( but never the player who declared `` NNP '' ) .	22	28	VBP	are	is	6
the ultimate objective of classical NNP NN is to replace VBN NN ( VBG ) , JJ and NN , with greater NN and genuine , JJ social feelings .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the reference to the `` ring of NNS '' seems to suggest that his NN rulers combined to throw off the NN of the NNP raja but were unsuccessful .	1	9	VBZ	seems	seem	8
the formation of sea ice is also a process of NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
observation '' '' NNP has a long history of doing patrol work , and from this users log that seems to be the only function that this user has been able to provide .	0	4	VBZ	has	have	4
the other side of JJ freedom is JJ .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
like the drug use ( in the episode are VBN ) , and the questions about NN ( in the episode are about being NN ) .	14	21	VBP	are	is	7
a proprietary NN of sugar JJ waste NN and NN NN appears to be the materials of choice .	2	11	VBZ	appears	appear	9
JJ NN RB c member 4 ( NNP ) , also known as the NN JJ protein 4 ( NNP ) or JJ organic NN NN b ( NNP ) , is a protein that in humans is encoded by the NNP gene .	1	31	VBZ	is	are	30
the problems including this critical information at NNP NNP seem to stem directly from the JJ edit war .	1	9	VBP	seem	seems	8
the principal , NNP NNP , agrees to let them separate children with behavioral difficulties into their own class where they can be targeted and studied .	1	6	VBZ	agrees	agree	5
NNP three bbc stories over a 2 day period are NNS for the article .	3	9	VBP	are	is	6
concrete `` branches '' , covered in NN and wild grass extend from the parliamentary buildings , and provide members of the public with somewhere to sit and VB .	2	11	VBP	extend	extends	9
what the un documents you 're VBG up say bears no relationship whatsoever to what a reasonable person would VB as NN .	3	8	VBP	say	says	5
the chef in each group with the best dish is eligible for the win ; the chef with the JJS dish in each group is subject to elimination .	16	24	VBZ	is	are	8
the JJ profile of the NNP area is similar to that of neighbouring NNP , and the housing stock in the area is almost totally local authority housing , though of a different form to the bulk of NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
eagles and their wings also feature prominently as NNS .	0	5	VBP	feature	features	5
the arrival of allied aircraft saves NNP , but also VBZ him - NN dropped by one of the aircraft VBZ a young girl travelling with the enemy soldiers .	1	5	VBZ	saves	save	4
some passages in the old testament agree with at least a few of the claims made on the NN .	1	6	VBP	agree	agrees	5
the momentum transfer VBZ a force that causes NN of the tissue , and the time scale of this response is much slower than that of the JJ wave NN .	16	20	VBZ	is	are	4
the tables in the game are NNS of real tables .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
laws and regulations created by government bodies are also a type of administrative control because they inform the business .	0	7	VBP	are	is	7
so your justification for continuing to revert is `` i 'm right .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
a system of management NNS allows the district flood land within the river channel and to VB hunting , NN and other harassment of wildlife .	1	5	VBZ	allows	allow	4
VBG issues with me , i suggest we roll this up .	1	6	VBP	suggest	suggests	5
under this criterion , NN a is VBN to VB b if the probability that VBZ a is closer to the true value than NN b is greater than one half .	13	17	VBZ	is	are	4
the name of the village literally means `` low germany '' or `` lower germans '' .	1	6	VBZ	means	mean	5
however , the NNS on a spinning cd are considerable , and a JJ cd ( a small NN , a weak spot , manufacturing error .	3	8	VBP	are	is	5
a major feature of JJ animals is the use of NN NNS , which in effect provide a NN system that tells a cell where in the body it is , and hence what sort of cell to become .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
but if you do that first , the order of the following steps has to be reversed , at least according to some people .	8	13	VBZ	has	have	5
users of the classic skin ( the one true skin ) are probably very familiar with image NN problems , caused by NNS between classic and the default , the NN 's JJ NNP .	0	11	VBP	are	is	11
i believe the book the intelligence of dogs suggests a similar explanation .	3	8	VBZ	suggests	suggest	5
the main concern of organ NNS in jewish law for a living jewish NN is whether or not a person is permitted to VB his own life or health in order to save a life of another .	2	14	VBZ	is	are	12
the layout of the town is unique in the sense that residential quarter cells were laid out which are bordered by main routes and green strips , with the result that only internal traffic is found within such cells .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the soft focus of advertising , aerial views of surveillance photography and image NN of print media are NNS of NN .	7	17	VBP	are	is	10
the supreme court guidelines in the event of a massacre are quite clear .	3	10	VBP	are	is	7
my history of afd NNS is clear .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the grounds of the inn also consist of a restaurant , gift shop , and NN .	1	6	VBP	consist	consists	5
historical examination of the legends suggests NNP ( christopher ) lived during the christian NNS of the roman emperor NNP , and that he was captured and VBN by the governor of NNP .	1	5	VBZ	suggests	suggest	4
the only people that know this secret history are mr .	2	8	VBP	are	is	6
after each goal , the team that VBD the goal takes the next centre pass ; teams alternate taking the first centre pass of each quarter .	5	10	VBZ	takes	take	5
the first man in the right row with a bunch of NN NNS in hand in JJ steps takes the lead while the last person in the left row joins him .	24	29	VBZ	joins	join	5
religious sources and media of notable religious organizations are perfectly acceptable reliable sources to establish notability of religious subjects and figures .	1	8	VBP	are	is	7
a mere lack of participation in an afd is not , by itself , evidence of NN .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the formal JJ affiliation of the ruling family is an important point and definitely requires a JJ citation .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
note that in the case where different parts of the image are lit by different colored light sources , problems can still emerge .	7	11	VBP	are	is	4
part of the issue is the fact that apparently the species is probably a bunch of species ( one comment notes that there also are 11 other subspecies in the old world ) , so it seemed inappropriate to have an article on just one of these .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
fair use in NNP in pink IN this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
a plot of the power as the JJ and the index of the value 's position as the JJ produces curves such as follow NNS illustrate .	1	19	VBZ	produces	produce	18
the title `` NNP '' is a NN on NNP , the chemical formula for water .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
golden NNP the largest bird cage in the zoo belongs to the golden eagle , the species that appears in the mexican coat of arms .	5	9	VBZ	belongs	belong	4
the key purpose of bulk NN is to provide an economic NN on medical fees and charges .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the comics page of a daily newspaper is a page largely or entirely devoted to comic strips .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
certain parts of the game are not available from the beginning and they get VBN at later levels .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
personal interviews between author and subject violate this principle , as their verification is nearly impossible .	8	13	VBZ	is	are	5
i always try to make articles a NN as possible - the former method of expressing it seems RB redundant and lengthy to me .	13	17	VBZ	seems	seem	4
the hook for `` play the guitar '' features a sample of t .	1	8	VBZ	features	feature	7
one problem with chain stories is they can become long and complicated due to the number of different people adding new bits and NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
a JJ evaluation of the discussion indicates that no consensus was reached .	2	6	VBZ	indicates	indicate	4
NNP 's mother , who has `` more hair than NN '' , tells NNP that NNP wants an heir and wishes to marry into a good family .	2	13	VBZ	tells	tell	11
common sense , on the other hand , is all about experience .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the set geometry of the NNP internal framework allows for their use as size selective NNS .	2	8	VBZ	allows	allow	6
production in JJ acid is a NN of the NN NN , which is responsible for NN of NN in mammals .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
the NNS that secure his bow in vehicle mode are CD wide , making it JJ by other figures as well .	1	9	VBP	are	is	8
the church of our lady of NNP is a roman catholic parish church in the roman catholic archdiocese of new york , located at CD west CD street in the washington heights neighborhood of upper manhattan in new york city .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
this dress coat , one of the two main surviving NNS , is a dark evening coat with a RB cut away front .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
the most celebrated fictional NN of a lord chancellor occurs in NNP , the comic opera by w .	4	9	VBZ	occurs	occur	5
the NN of NN , the primary energy source for life on earth , has dramatic impacts on the NN , NN and behavior of almost every NN .	1	14	VBZ	has	have	13
the active site , as it is RB between the NNP and NNP , is also between the two NN NNS .	2	14	VBZ	is	are	12
these people who can fix the problems are rare .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
canadian federal politicians , for example ) that are not subject to income tax .	2	8	VBP	are	is	6
each rule in a set of decision rules therefore generally takes the form of a horn clause NN class membership is implied by a conjunction of JJ observations .	1	10	VBZ	takes	take	9
a template in charles harris ( cricketer ) is seriously bad , but i do not know how to fix it .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
it has also been argued that the association between social class and taste is no longer quite as strong as it used to be .	7	13	VBZ	is	are	6
the operation of the machine is therefore very similar , with the output current rising until the NN it produces almost VBZ the NN generated by the applied voltage .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
a JJ review of his more recent comments brings up things such as this , this , and this .	2	8	VBZ	brings	bring	6
some scholars , such as mark NNP of the center for defense information , trace the roots of islamic terrorism back to the JJ NNP , an order of NNP NNP that targeted political and religious opponents who stood in the way of the NNP ' JJ ideology .	1	14	VBP	trace	traces	13
when one learns that a person in the room is also from NNP , expect them to be together until the end of the event .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
an early use of the phrase appears in a comment NNP NNP made about another notorious irish NN in manhattan , five points .	2	6	VBZ	appears	appear	4
paintings from the dutch school include a painting each from jan van NNP and NNP van de NNP the younger .	0	5	VBP	include	includes	5
truth in the wilderness is a 1913 american silent short drama film directed by NNP johnston starring charlotte burton and george NNP , j .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
the inland portion of the bay forms a hurricane hole , used to shelter boats from NNS .	2	6	VBZ	forms	form	4
the essays , titled memories of my father , are from NN of deceased members of easy company .	1	9	VBP	are	is	8
he should remember that his stance of radical NN is a very JJ one .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
a NN ( also known as a NN , or simply a club or disco ) is an entertainment venue which usually operates late into the night .	1	16	VBZ	is	are	15
the most significant work of these years is his JJ NNP ( 2002 ) , a piece NN considers his NN and one that VBZ his music 's wide JJ variety .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
it appears that some NN , helpful person has changed whatever bit of the NNP stuff creates the NNS at the top of the `` editing '' page so that instead of the usual redirect icon we have a JJ german flag .	11	16	VBZ	creates	create	5
a more accurate mean diameter for this tree is .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
joey 's best friend , craig NNP , faces similar problems with the NNS in the neighborhood because he is japanese .	3	8	VBZ	faces	face	5
evidence from these important archaeological sites suggests that native americans VBD and VBN in the NNP NNP during WRB JJ periods .	0	6	VBZ	suggests	suggest	6
of her over 17 , 000 JJ contributions , fewer than 3 , 400 are in the mainspace .	7	14	VBP	are	is	7
NNP units , internal or external , require a lock from at least three satellites ( for position ) , which usually requires up to 60 seconds .	1	7	VBP	require	requires	6
the oil content of the actual JJ grain ranges from 4 .	2	8	VBZ	ranges	range	6
financial times ranking of executive education for the first time in 2009 and now stands 35 NN worldwide .	2	14	VBZ	stands	stand	12
and for what it 's worth , the current medical opinion for JJR people is that , to ensure an JJ transition as possible , they should be referred to by their preferred identity ) .	10	14	VBZ	is	are	4
the illustration accompanying the article shows a game labeled `` drop the chocolate drop '' and is VBN `` NNP to all but the victim '' .	1	5	VBZ	shows	show	4
while the primary goal of carbon NNS is to reduce global carbon emissions , many VBP projects also claim to lead to improvements in the quality of life for a local population .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the rise of the malay NNS , VBG with trade in NNP NNP slaves , forced the group to retreat further inland to avoid contact with NNS .	1	13	VBZ	slaves	slave	12
our biographies of living persons policies have much more importance over the fact that the event of this woman 's arrest is a news story in the uk .	15	21	VBZ	is	are	6
the drinking water from the reservoir flows into the new NNP NN while about NNS of the way through the reservoir .	2	6	VBZ	flows	flow	4
the ground colour of the NNS is grey , while the NNS are pale JJ , but darker along the NNS and wing NNS .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
invasion gene associated rna ( also known as NNP ) is a small JJ rna involved in VBG one of the major outer cell membrane NN proteins in NNP species .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
wolves in central and east asia are intermediate in form and size to northern and southern wolves .	0	6	VBP	are	is	6
the two lakes near NNP , and NNP also supply about 100 NNS per day .	2	9	VBP	supply	supplies	7
NNP JJ NNS and JJ JJ NNS are important in JJ synthesis .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
NNS , holocaust NNP are much more significant conspiracy theories with much more lasting staying power , and much more coverage by reliable sources .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
painters in the contemporary collection from the 1970s include kurt NNP , NNP NNP , hans christian NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP NNP , NNP NNP , erik a .	0	8	VBP	include	includes	8
JJ feels worried that she is not making a big change in the NNP community and feels that what the government and everyone else thinks is true , NNS are acting above the law and she is not making the difference she says she is making .	20	24	VBZ	thinks	think	4
the NN segment of the name exists , because of their rounded NN fin which gives them the appearance of a NN .	2	6	VBZ	exists	exist	4
vegetables commonly used in JJ are elephant NN , NN , NN , NNS , NNS , NNP , NN , drum NNS , snake NNS and NN .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
this is a region of NNS , hills , and a bay to the south that nearly VBZ the land in two .	11	17	VBZ	divides	divide	6
NN NNS VBP that the key to avoiding war is the NN of NN through proper NN .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
the term `` NNP '' is an JJ derivative of `` NNP '' .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
a sealed road , NNP way , is about three hundred metres to the south of NNP and provides links to the south and north .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the 14 autonomous churches of byzantine tradition have a single JJ NN , while on the contrary the single latin church has several distinct JJ NNS .	3	7	VBP	have	has	4
one way that virtual schools are proving their effectiveness is the implementation of the same JJ testing that brick and NN schools require of their students .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
return of the champions is a series of shows in the united states .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
his attack , ice wall , allows him to make a brick of ice and push it as a NN .	1	6	VBZ	allows	allow	5
i see no reason why this article should be deleted , and i watch the page , and if some users , like NNP , use the page to just push pov , then i revert it .	20	25	VBP	use	uses	5
the presentation of the NNP material by NNP is a textbook example of how not to write wikipedia articles .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
russian version [ 4 ] ) has nothing in common with the body NN , and must be split out into the separate article .	1	6	VBZ	has	have	5
the fact that the dancers are turning NN ( as viewed from above ) is by the by .	1	14	VBZ	is	are	13
the medical school of the university of tokyo goes by the name of NNP NNP , and near it there are many facilities of it , hence it was named as NNP NN in error .	2	8	VBZ	goes	go	6
the campaign setting of the dark sun world generally takes place in the NNP region of the world of NNP .	2	9	VBZ	takes	take	7
NNP french style of VBG that uses NNS and NNS .	2	6	VBZ	uses	use	4
the material used in its construction is white sandstone from NNP -- sixty miles west -- and , unlike many varieties of this kind of stone , is free from red NN of iron .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the current pastor of the parish is father clarence NNP , ss .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the communities in the township are NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
visual culture as an academic subject is a field of study that generally includes some combination of cultural studies , art history , critical theory , philosophy , and anthropology , by focusing on aspects of culture that rely on visual images .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
although a large part of the chosen people is still far from christ , yet it is wrong to call them an JJ people , since they remain very dear to god because of the fathers and the gifts given them ( cf .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
while it is possible that two given NNS can not be independently VBN without error , it may happen that the combination of the previously RB received NNS gives us enough information to correctly VB .	21	28	VBZ	gives	give	7
the lack of services such as routine NN collection allows VB to VB in huge quantities .	1	9	VBZ	allows	allow	8
for more unique solutions , one would add the condition that the couple with the most NNS gets no gold .	12	17	VBZ	gets	get	5
NNS in this article are easy to find .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
most of the district is covered by wireless or cell phone networks , although mountainous areas of the district have poor reception .	15	19	VBP	have	has	4
keep references on the sites of two major universities and the state government seem sufficient to me , but that song still looks fake .	1	13	VBP	seem	seems	12
an english merchant , william NNP , who visited the tomb in CD , describes the rich interior NN of the central chamber ( in comparison to the JJ look today ) .	2	14	VBZ	describes	describe	12
two explosive devices placed under two local police patrol cars go off in santiago .	2	10	VBP	go	goes	8
it certainly is n't arbitrary in the pure sense , NN i will admit that the only thing better than rushing for CD yards is 1000 , and that is , of course , only one extra yard .	17	24	VBZ	is	are	7
excavations during the 1970s appear to show that the site was not completed , and no evidence of occupation was VBN .	0	4	VBP	appear	appears	4
by definition , a union that is not VBN by torah law is not an orthodox wedding , and by definition a person who VBZ such a ceremony is not an orthodox rabbi .	4	12	VBZ	is	are	8
the reason i want the image deleted is in fact to VB that all images i have uploaded to wp are mine to VB .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
its history , however , is not well known .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
JJ activities enjoyed along the route include hunting , fishing , NN , and swimming .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
any NN that is used to test hearing should be VBN regularly to ensure that the level shown on its display is equal to the actual CC the subject is exposed to .	16	21	VBZ	is	are	5
an identifying character of this species is its tall first dorsal fin , which has a slightly rounded tip and VBZ over the rear tips of the JJ NNS .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
since NNS like this also exist in nature , it 's hard to be confident about such tests .	1	5	VBP	exist	exists	4
sequences features JJ art - such as performance , video and sound art - and creates a NN for these art forms as well as music and design .	3	15	VBZ	creates	create	12
in 1986 , a book , the fat NNP files , published by a christian retreat house in devon england RB notes the effect of the mary and martha society on the life of a parish minister .	4	21	VBZ	notes	note	17
without doubt , the most famous example of a NN NN is the boundary of the NNP set .	6	11	VBZ	is	are	5
support we need more admins , issues in last rfa seem addressed .	6	10	VBP	seem	seems	4
a prime example of such a use of genetic NN is gene targeting , which can be used to add , delete or otherwise change an NN 's genes .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
one factor VBG the image is its very small dimensions .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
car body panels and bike frames are two examples where JJ NN painting is often used .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the NN attachment of JJ NNS NNP by VBG NN and targets it to NN in the NN .	2	11	VBZ	targets	target	9
RB , the JJ measurements made on the NNP population show NNP from croatia are predominantly JJ , suggesting that they are more prone to VB JJ types such as nordic and mediterranean than JJ ones like alpine and NNP .	4	14	VBP	are	is	10
the current record holder ( for the next couple of months NNS ) is the top NNP NNP at cedar point outside of NNP , ohio .	3	13	VBZ	is	are	10
most of the time ( see [ [ the NNP report ] ] for examples of this ) the trivia section of an article is simply a NN for JJ NNS that are n't important enough to go into a different section or their own section .	20	24	VBZ	is	are	4
naming '' paragraph , the last sentence reads `` my NN is very large .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
once VBN to the host 's JJ wall , the NN NN NNS through its skin as the food being VBN by the host flows past it and it begins to grow a long tail , with each segment containing an independent JJ system and JJ tract .	18	24	VBZ	flows	flow	6
as of 2013 , commercially available versions of this movie are of the original theatrical release , and not the revised tv broadcast version .	6	10	VBP	are	is	4
the definitions of corruption NNS are in public bodies corrupt practices act 1889 and prevention of corruption act 1906 .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
a close study of the dynamics and forces of nature reveals a constant and JJ source of new forms .	2	10	VBZ	reveals	reveal	8
the paint scheme on her hull is [ [ NN NN ] ] .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the motivation for their study is that their NNS NN to VB differential operators over JJ flag NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
all exposed wood has an JJ finish finish that VBZ the light , as the NN walls of the original building naturally do .	16	22	VBP	do	does	6
the red links for notable players are in the process of being eliminated .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
they always lead the dancing at the festival when the local municipal men 's choir ( the NNP singers ) performs .	14	20	VBZ	performs	perform	6
the total JJ height of this block is 35 .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
NNS behind the attempted assassination are still unknown but it was believe that the incident was related to a JJ issue that mac NNP said to have reported earlier to NNP management .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
the first team to do so wins power team .	2	6	VBZ	wins	win	4
houses along NNP drive are among the best known in the city ; the residential area on the west of NNP drive , opposite the river , was added to the national register of historic places as an historic district in 1996 .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
if a person under investigation by the NNP refuses to answer questions or meet with NNP law enforcement agents , their registration and tags may be canceled .	2	8	VBZ	refuses	refuse	6
its lower reaches , west of the NNP road , are JJ .	2	10	VBP	are	is	8
a lot of the technology and science is now out of date or considered NN .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
but the numerous inscriptions discovered on the spot leave no doubt that this is the true site of NNP .	3	8	VBP	leave	leaves	5
the indefinite block , i feel , is RB reasonable and justified .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the average depth of the pond is seven feet , and the maximum depth is eight feet .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
architect remains unknown ; similarities with NNP tower suggest the work of ivan NNP .	4	8	VBP	suggest	suggests	4
the other deleted contribution from this account provides reference to names and physical location .	3	7	VBZ	provides	provide	4
structures exposed to a marine environment , or where salt is used for JJ purposes , are especially JJ to this type of damage .	0	16	VBP	are	is	16
response in response to NNP , author is indeed old enough to remember gary hart , but thank you for the JJ comment NN - always JJ in VBG debate !	0	7	VBZ	is	are	7
well the actor who plays will in [ [ will and grace ] ] is not gay in real life ; he has kids .	2	14	VBZ	is	are	12
the murder ( abolition of death penalty ) act 1965 is an act of the parliament of the united kingdom .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
if current estimates of the group 's strength as between 400 and 500 members are correct , more than CD people may have passed through its ranks since its founding .	2	14	VBP	are	is	12
the primary goal of the first NN in this instance is to ensure the runner does n't advance and that the team records at least one out , especially in a close game .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
situated at the NN of world famous NNP dam , the early history of the university is a VBG chapter in the story of technical education in NNP .	12	16	VBZ	is	are	4
while the aspect of monetary union is clear , the JJ effects of economic union between countries could be considered a cause for debate .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the NNP official website for NN crime cell is NNP .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
NNP notes that critics say that `` NNP 's pursuit of the whale , which they suggest can be associated with the NN in its shape , mystery , and in its NN , represents the ultimate fusion of the JJ and sexual quest .	9	34	VBZ	represents	represent	25
the only way this list can be sourced is through coverage of the results in newspapers etc .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the lee side of the beach features JJ NNS where many very large JJ NN and other tropical fish are easily viewed .	2	6	VBZ	features	feature	4
the JJ and JJ NNS are closely linked , and disorders of one often affect the other .	10	14	VBP	affect	affects	4
i do n't understand why a NN from an admin is necessary on anything except a deletion or NN as far as afds are concerned .	6	10	VBZ	is	are	4
a tale of JJ folklore describes how NNP 's hat fell off his head before arriving to VB that day , something that was considered a bad NNS among everyday NNPS .	1	5	VBZ	describes	describe	4
NNP 's role as special assistant includes working with NNS in the cardinals ' minor league system as well as monitoring the organization 's minor league players , then reporting directly to NNP .	2	6	VBZ	includes	include	4
the releases of NN from normal operations are the small planned releases from uranium ore processing , NN , power NNS , VBG plants and waste stores .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
edits to existing articles are typically JJ , which allow changes to be VBN by other editors .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
there , daniel VBZ that the yacht that he arrived in a few days ago now belongs to NNP .	6	16	VBZ	belongs	belong	10
genetic history of britain ] ] ( even though it contains text on ireland ) .	1	10	VBZ	contains	contain	9
major streets that cross this avenue include NNP , NNP NNP , NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and d .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
hence , a player who represented kent in the earliest known JJ match in CD is as notable as a player who represented kent NNP 's first team in any recent county championship season .	3	15	VBZ	is	are	12
a layer of JJ tissue called the NN covers the brain , NN , major JJ NNS and JJ nerve NNS .	1	8	VBZ	covers	cover	7
the focus of all biblical NNS is then on grace and faith .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the NN star in the `` v '' identifies the four functions of the landing force , and VB their operations ashore .	2	8	VBZ	identifies	identify	6
resolution by consensus would likely be VBN as wikipedia is not known for its NN , the underlying network below the front is very hard to find , let alone JJ .	18	22	VBZ	is	are	4
according to NNP reports , the former soviet states , from baltic russia to NNP in central asia and parts of the NNPS , remain the only regions of the world where rates of hiv infection continue to rise .	8	24	VBP	remain	remains	16
the president of the association is NNP ernest .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the number of students per teacher is approximately 25 , the same as the average number of students per group .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
life at great NNP is an opportunity to VB NN in NN , explore the NNS of the NN and see into the essential matter of life and death .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
recall that the second NNP number of a rank 2 vector NN on a surface is the number of NNS of a generic section .	5	15	VBZ	is	are	10
the ending , involving NN , is almost exactly like the death of the JJ woman .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
chris boyd , of the australian called the musical , `` the best thing lloyd NNP has written in the quarter century since phantom of the opera , love never dies is still a missed opportunity .	13	31	VBZ	is	are	18
the absence of a policy is not the same as the NN of that policy .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the most likely candidate for the architect is dr george clarke of all souls ; the master mason was william NNP or NNP .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the architecture of a NNP application , independent whether it is the server or client part , is structured into the following levels .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
i can verify that people who have NNS in the local newspaper are dead , and i can find local news sources the find out whether or not they were murdered .	4	12	VBP	are	is	8
a friendship with clarence NNP shows that despite foster 's progressive views he still VBN and respected the views of a traditional christian community .	1	5	VBZ	shows	show	4
delete ; JJ ; the only google hit i could find [ 1 ] makes it appear to be a hoax or joke .	7	14	VBZ	makes	make	7
when the algorithm finishes , the number under the line is the sum of the two numbers .	6	10	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP , NNS , lions , NNS are best to be seen in the northern part ( above the NNP ) .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
a notable exception to this theory is premium NN ( that needs a NNP project article created !	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
several tools have been created specifically for NN ; however any sharp implement will do though a range of blades of different NNS allows the removal of more or less of the ink at will .	17	23	VBZ	allows	allow	6
the home ownership rate ( JJ housing units to total units ) is 92 .	3	12	VBZ	is	are	9
the setting in this painting is a composite of rooms at NNP ( including NNP family NNS ) .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
placement of the speedy deletion tag is a nomination open to any editor who believes it is VBN .	0	6	VBZ	is	are	6
the cost of NNP testing is relatively high ( about JJ NNP per dog per year ) and $ directly by NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP i , king of NNP , VBZ NNP , and his half brother NNP i VBZ NNP , both daughters of the NNP king NNP .	12	16	VBZ	marries	marry	4
a more powerful variant of comparing the balance between calcium and VB NN is to perform a 3 hour calcium NN .	3	13	VBZ	is	are	10
the roof of the north NN chapel is early JJ with JJ NNS .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
all kinds of NN and beautiful NNS for ladies are available in this market .	1	9	VBP	are	is	8
a JJ music performance or network musical performance is a real-time interaction over a computer network that enables musicians in different locations to perform as if they were in the same room .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
as JJ secrets get revealed day by day , an island of paradise slowly turns into an island of death .	10	14	VBZ	turns	turn	4
scholars and NNS in this field include lawrence NNP , NNP NNP , and NNP NNP .	0	6	VBP	include	includes	6
possession of a certain station means not only to experience it RB , but to be RB transformed by it and , in a sense , to VB the stage itself .	0	5	VBZ	means	mean	5
NNP area on august 31 , 2011 , despite the fact there is no requirement to make changes or to shut down these NNS .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
the NNS and other NNS follow the noun ( JJ NN `` great king '' ) .	1	5	VBP	follow	follows	4
smooth surfaces in NNP spaces are NNP spaces .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the exterior of the building is also somewhat JJ .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the most JJ feature to the capitol building is the dome .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
no reference that this municipality exists in the santiago province , this is a blank page with no information .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
the overall NNP route , of which the NNP is but a link , passes NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP as the NNP road , and NNP ( from NNP to belfast ) .	3	14	VBZ	passes	pass	11
their most obvious distinction from other orders of insects is that a typical fly possesses a pair of flight wings on the NN and a pair of NNS , derived from the NN wings , on the NN .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
the specimen is incomplete , and the JJ features of the animal are currently unknown .	8	12	VBP	are	is	4
the practice of NN , which draws from NN in two languages at the same time suggests that these NNS are not stored or processed separately .	1	16	VBZ	suggests	suggest	15
NN , as a form of JJ energy to be VBN , has similarities to acoustic and JJ NNP , but also has distinct differences that make it useful , especially in JJ ground NNS ( NNP ) .	0	12	VBZ	has	have	12
for example , scales used in NNP , at the eastern tip of java , are very similar to scales used in NNP , a short distance away on NNP .	3	15	VBP	are	is	12
article 10 of the north atlantic treaty limits membership extension to european states .	0	7	VBZ	limits	limit	7
a satellite in such an orbit is at an altitude of approximately above mean sea level .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
by mental navigation checks , a pilot or a NN estimates tracks , distances , and NNS which then will help him or her avoid gross navigation errors .	6	10	VBZ	estimates	estimate	4
note that not all versions of the film have a JJ dream sequence and other JJ figures are left by NNP without a corresponding dream sequence .	4	8	VBP	have	has	4
keith has discussed in depth the `` complexity of the issue of violence '' in the organization 's eponymous book , and how it is `` JJ that people who care about justice want to reject violence ; many of us are survivors of it .	28	33	VBP	want	wants	5
NNS consisting only of a divided field are somewhat more frequent in germany than elsewhere .	0	7	VBP	are	is	7
i am afraid i disagree with you - the fact that other languages have an article provides some support for the idea we have one , but maybe not sufficient .	9	16	VBZ	provides	provide	7
the gray fox ( NNP NN ) ranges throughout most of the southern half of north america from southern canada to the northern part of south america ( venezuela and colombia ) .	2	7	VBZ	ranges	range	5
an 1843 NN map , held at the dorset county records office , shows that the land then formed part of howe farm .	3	13	VBZ	shows	show	10
only thing i take seriously is your JJ abuse of your authority .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the portrait of NNP NNP NNP is an oil painting by NNP , dating to CD .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
displaying code in these things is not really appropriate for wikipedia ; NNP , maybe .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
block wars in which a user is repeatedly blocked and JJ , are extremely harmful .	1	12	VBP	are	is	11
wikipedia is more complicated than a school , and yet thousands of new users approach wikipedia as if they already understand it .	10	14	VBP	approach	approaches	4
claims that the article is not well sourced and that the documentary was not released are , RB , UH .	0	15	VBP	are	is	15
the JJ variations , typically occurring over decades to VB , are predominantly the result of JJ action in the earth 's core .	2	11	VBP	are	is	9
other acclaimed examples of science fiction visual novels include NNP 's NNP ( 1996 ) and CD .	2	8	VBP	include	includes	6
in 2007 NNP NNP , whose restaurant `` NNP '' is the second NN NN in the town of NNP earned his third NNP star .	6	10	VBZ	is	are	4
his mother , a nurse , is from trinidad , and his VBD father , a NN , is from british NNP ( now NNP ) .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
an essay from the book is online at `` a NN on NNP '' .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the village of NNP st NNP is immediately across the NNP motorway .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
one definition in french NNP is indeed JJ NN , meaning chronic NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the industry of the district is essentially food industry and timber industry .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the bridge now in use through the village is a low level concrete structure .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
it seems to me that the meaning of these two words has only RB VBN apart as technology progressed , and any real JJ difference - at least to the NN - is JJ .	24	32	VBZ	is	are	8
the purpose of the shell NNP marathon race is to drive as far as possible on the least amount of fuel .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
modern collections of his work include news of love .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
another NN associated with the use of sodium as a NN is the NN of NNS to generate the JJ NN .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
due to the last great 's JJ fighting with him , the internal struggle with the other NNP causes them to attempt to release themselves from his body .	13	18	VBZ	causes	cause	5
other NNS such as joe NNP and NNP NNP employ these techniques and steve NNP has played with his tongue on several occasions .	1	9	VBP	employ	employs	8
the NN to the fictional character makes this discussion NN .	1	6	VBZ	makes	make	5
similar themes of a NN also occur in the NNP , christ ii , and the NNP .	1	6	VBP	occur	occurs	5
this means that part of a prophet 's responsibility is not to speak when the lord has not spoken .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
the story of tony tough 2 follows a day in the life of tony tough as he VBZ alien landings and ancient indian cultures in his hometown of washington , new mexico during the early 1950s .	1	6	VBZ	follows	follow	5
all members of this family have two JJ cells in the NN .	1	5	VBP	have	has	4
other points with the prose include sentences such as `` the episode first aired in the united states on may 20 , 2001 on fox , and subsequently aired in the united kingdom .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
the expectations of a candidate program are that they will continue to mature in accordance with stated plans .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
relations between the two countries are JJ .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
the restrictions on addition of information are more than adequate to deal with anything that may be a problem to wikipedia .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
the company i work for has a small budget for this kind of thing and i am already spending my money on an expensive wireless card to help out getting my service calls .	1	5	VBZ	has	have	4
expansion plans announced by the NNP include a series of `` express NNP '' dedicated JJ lines that would operate through the second planned `` NNP .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
another place he has been particularly JJ is myspace , but at least some of those pages have RB been deleted .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the renowned performer and singer NNP NNP currently resides in galway with well known dancer michael NNP .	2	8	VBZ	resides	reside	6
in this sense , JJ equilibrium NN radiation may be regarded as JJ equilibrium NN radiation to which NNP 's law applies exactly , though no perfectly black body in NNP 's sense is present .	28	33	VBZ	is	are	5
universal VBG algebra of a JJ lie algebra is a JJ JJ algebra .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the earliest known method of memory storage and subsequent JJ reading is the NNP mechanism ( c .	3	11	VBZ	is	are	8
the tone of the novel ( as well as the rest of the series ) is humorous to the point of parody and VBZ fun at many of the period 's NNS and NNS , as well as the NN novels popular at the time .	1	15	VBZ	is	are	14
a few recently opened systems in north america use JJ trains , including the river line in new jersey ( opened in 2004 ) , the NNP in ottawa ( opened in 2001 ) , and the NNP in northern san diego county , california .	4	8	VBP	use	uses	4
although no new series 90 devices are expected , a form of the NNP lives on as NNP 's NNP user interface in the NNP shipped with NNP internet NNPS .	10	14	VBZ	lives	live	4
the role of a bc is to act as an interface between the bank and its customers in places where traditional banking is not JJ .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the JJ paper , the NN of which is NNP NNP , looks very similar to NNP 's NNP NNP .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
modern computers store and process binary ; whether a given piece of binary data is a number , letter , or something else can not necessarily be determined by looking at that piece of data .	10	14	VBZ	is	are	4
greene and colleagues have proposed an alternative to the social NN model suggesting that JJ moral NNS , which involve rights and duties , are driven primarily by NN , while JJ NNS aimed at promoting the greater good are JJ by controlled cognitive reasoning processes .	32	39	VBP	are	is	7
evidence from the 1st century ad shows some cultural NNS with the greeks .	0	6	VBZ	shows	show	6
parts of the surrounding reef are above water at high tide .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
no books were published listing those who VBD in 1941 ; however , the present day archives of estonia and latvia still have the lists of all those who left in this year .	16	22	VBP	have	has	6
a further advantage of this technique for sexual NN is that any slight remaining traces of JJ material will - due to the presence of the JJ - tend to VB to the wall of the NN rather than to any foreign object which may subsequently be inserted .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the book ( biological basis ) is RB also in the all india institute VBD medical sciences library just across the road and it is by NNP NNP NNP and is dated 1988 , much before the article on the abc .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
authors of JJ works are real people .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
a new article about a term used to describe a geographical feature in the east NNP region deserves , i believe , a wider audience ; especially considering NN , one of the documented NNS of the term , has other more widely used meanings !	2	17	VBZ	deserves	deserve	15
the traditional role of women in french society involves domestic duties such as VBG , preparation of NNS in the JJ fashion that involves a `` succession of courses eaten one at a time '' , child NN , NN of crops , and VBG to farm animals .	2	8	VBZ	involves	involve	6
this elevated conception of his art is in itself no small merit .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the average flow at victoria falls is , with a maximum recorded flow of .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the set erected for this film is JJ and the computer technique for a song is JJ .	11	15	VBZ	is	are	4
the standard rate for the illegal sale of one bottle of NN is 1 , 500 NNS .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
the kinds of private bills that are still introduced include grants of citizenship to individuals who are otherwise JJ for normal NN processing ; NN of tax NNS ; armed services NNS and veteran benefits .	1	9	VBP	include	includes	8
the online application ( NN ) for visiting this island is available in chinese at here ) .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
other factors which may affect the properties of lunar soil include large temperature NNS , the presence of a hard vacuum , and the absence of a significant lunar magnetic field ( thereby allowing charged solar wind particles to continuously hit the surface of the moon ) .	1	10	VBP	include	includes	9
the standards upon which the law enforcement accreditation program is based reflect the current thinking and experience of law enforcement practitioners and researchers .	1	11	VBP	reflect	reflects	10
the smaller lake that lies to the southwest is around deep .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the eggs and larvae of JJ JJ live on or near the surface of the sea .	1	7	VBP	live	lives	6
as water and coal is consumed , the weight over the drivers is reduced , thereby reducing their factor of NN , the ratio of weight on drivers to VB effort .	8	12	VBZ	is	are	4
this list of people from the london borough of NNP includes residents who were either born or VBN for a substantial period within the borders of this modern london borough .	1	10	VBZ	includes	include	9
this JJ definition of the categories RB defines a preference structure .	2	7	VBZ	defines	define	5
the towns of NNP and NNP are in the valley 's north , and the central and north of the valley contains broken NNS , with short NNS VBG from the surrounding mountain ranges .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
in both NNS the final two segment of each leg has no other NNS , but the other segments in both NNS have JJ NNS and many JJ NNS , and those of males also scattered white NNS .	18	22	VBP	have	has	4
the original NN from this era refers to `` the home 40 , the farming 40 , and the horse VBZ 40 '' , each tract consisting of of land .	2	6	VBZ	refers	refer	4
the major NNS of the NNP river include NNP creek and the back river .	2	7	VBP	include	includes	5
the most recent addition to the list of designated areas is the city of kingston .	3	10	VBZ	is	are	7
the problem of this discussion is elsewhere .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the resolution obtained during the JJ period can be determined by making the assumption that the NN output at the end of the JJ phase is zero .	17	25	VBZ	is	are	8
the starting point for each player is the flower NN on the column to the left of his home column .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the mare to the south and west of ibn NNP contains a number of ghost crater formations , consisting of crater NNS that have been VBN by lava flows and now form JJ NNS in the surface .	1	10	VBZ	contains	contain	9
the first part of `` historical and literary background '' starts out by talking about the historical events , such as the lisbon earthquake , but these are quickly VBN with .	2	10	VBZ	starts	start	8
NNP ( NNP sabha constituency ) ( earlier known as NNP ) is an assembly constituency in NNP NNP district in the indian state of west bengal .	4	12	VBZ	is	are	8
the earliest jewish resident of philadelphia of whom there is any record was NNP aaron , who was living there in CD .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
the music file format used by the store is NNP without any NNP protection .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
the living representative that is closest to entering this list is NNP l .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
a recent discovery in the caves is that of the `` NNP NNP , '' NNP indian NNS from approximately three thousand years ago .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
similarly , this article from asia africa intelligence wire is not a press release .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
fair use in die hard with a NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
the default should me to merge articles such as this , and the sort of article that should be kept and merged to , is the list of minor organizations .	13	24	VBZ	is	are	11
golden NNPS is NNP records ' series of humorous NNS of critically VBN cover versions of songs , performed mostly either by celebrities known for something other than musical talent or musicians not known for the genre from which the song they are covering comes .	40	44	VBZ	comes	come	4
a famous collection of dance notation is the NNP collection , which was recorded in the method of notation devised by vladimir NNP NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
portions of the NNP plateau , the springfield plateau of southwest missouri and northern arkansas , are JJ by NNP NN VBZ locally referred to as NNP VBD consisting of limestone and NN layers .	0	16	VBP	are	is	16
i think the answer to your first question is open for debate and therefore argues for inclusion , and the second is a red NN in that we are looking at what is appropriate here , not elsewhere ) .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
in ukrainian , the NNS derived from NNP are NNP and NNP , but not NNP .	4	8	VBP	are	is	4
among them the name of NNP NNP NNP is worthy to mention who was also the first head master of the school .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
NNP 's green guitar he often uses on stage is a NNP NN , he also owns a NNP del ray .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
the picture , like the play , is a tender thing and JJ , fantastic in its way , yet firmly VBN in human soil .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
comment the primary editor seems to have left the project .	0	4	VBZ	seems	seem	4
the two primary schools in the area are NNP school , located on a quiet suburban street near the golf course , and terrace end school , located on NNP street .	3	7	VBP	are	is	4
practice , notation , and RB vary widely for all of these NNS , and this article as a whole addresses an JJ JJ standard .	16	20	VBZ	addresses	address	4
the proportion of tertiary industry is lower than other cities in most departments because of their very low levels of NN but remains similar to other cities in NNP such as NNS and NNPS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the standard of domestic rugby is relatively low in poland .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
also , the story about lord NNP NNP , if it is true , has nothing to do with the website .	3	14	VBZ	has	have	11
mills 's grandson by NNP , NNP mills , is a musician , best known for his work with the alternative rock group NNP NNP .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the tallest tree in the united kingdom is a coast NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the major benefit from linking the article of remote wp is that the link will remain in red so editor can tell the page does not exist .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
i see that the earth icon , which i do not care about , is much more controversial .	5	14	VBZ	is	are	9
the core products of the service are daily political news summaries and weekly JJ political reports delivered via e-mail , which are available by subscription .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the entire island , which is slightly smaller than the state of connecticut but larger than rhode island and delaware , is under the jurisdiction of the county of NNP i , of which NNP is the county seat .	2	21	VBZ	is	are	19
but the events in these operas merely serve as the background to the action of NNP .	2	7	VBP	serve	serves	5
JJ species such as NNP NNP and NNP NNP also occur much more regularly in britain than further east in europe .	1	10	VBP	occur	occurs	9
frequent bus and , more commonly , FW , service connects country 's major cities .	1	10	VBZ	connects	connect	9
any person who attempts to commit any of the NNS defined in the last preceding section is guilty of a NN and is JJ to imprisonment for seven years .	1	16	VBZ	is	are	15
arrow of time also addresses your questions .	0	4	VBZ	addresses	address	4
here the wheel with a small arc is necessary to follow curved lines without VBG .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
alleged copies of the court papers appear on a website owned and operated by frank NNP , but that would kind of defeat the whole third party idea .	1	6	VBP	appear	appears	5
editors in those situations simply are not interested anymore in reasonable interactions or encyclopedic editing ; they are engaged in NNS .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
given , they 're all editing from NNP , but the users whom i blocked have identical editing patterns .	11	15	VBP	have	has	4
the oldest written record of the name 's occurrence in sweden is from a NN of the 11th century .	3	11	VBZ	is	are	8
people of this locality are proud for the school .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
charitable groups from around europe send many aid NNS similar to those sent to bosnia several years previously ; aid convoy is founded .	1	5	VBP	send	sends	4
october 2009 ( utc ) by the way , another check you can do is the ip check .	10	14	VBZ	is	are	4
an image for the rankings in that season if there is one .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
the JJ NN of its brain responsible for processing NNS is particularly large compared to other animals .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
in the clip show `` the simpsons CD episode spectacular '' , the entire NN of troy NNP presenting the episode is a parody of the practice by NN series to produce clip shows in general .	3	21	VBZ	is	are	18
one way to VB this requirement is to substitute an JJ distribution which is proportional to the true JJ distribution .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
moreover , the ability to VB a creation depends on a combination of JJ ability and training .	3	8	VBZ	depends	depend	5
michael 's church at NNP is first recorded in CD , but the area on which it stands has a much older history .	13	18	VBZ	has	have	5
unfortunately , the manager of the NN where NN lives is not a fan of NNP , and he VBZ the NN dog from the NN .	3	10	VBZ	is	are	7
a reason NNP NNP did not get a corresponding restriction is that he posted discussion requests here and on the talk pages .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
the argument is clearly that merely being a NNP teacher is nothing special , but the fact that multiple reliable sources have written about her makes her notable by wikipedia standards .	16	25	VBZ	makes	make	9
the article also is in categories numerical analysis and partial differential equations , and any articles in these categories naturally also have NNS in any science that uses math , which implies in no way that the math is the science .	15	21	VBP	have	has	6
from a medical perspective , a pregnancy achieved using JJ NN is no different from a pregnancy achieved using partner NN , and it is also no different from a pregnancy achieved by sexual NN .	6	11	VBZ	is	are	5
since that time , there have been major additions and NNS of some parts of the building , but the greater part of the structure remains true to the norman design .	21	25	VBZ	remains	remain	4
jewish men , women , and children escape from the NNP NN and provided them with JJ NNS so that they could get to safety .	1	7	VBP	escape	escapes	6
edits by all three are only to RB add tags to JJ articles .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
the ability of NN systems to store NNS and trap NN is highly efficient and effective but each system has a threshold .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
the place to create such a list of NNS is on your own blog , not a serious NN .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the event , which occurs on a saturday in july or august , includes four hours of unlimited beer NN of over 200 belgian and JJ NNS , followed by food , live music , and a NN .	1	13	VBZ	includes	include	12
not all people who identify as NN are NN .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
NNP and NNP ( 2004 ) found that JJ communication NNS such as these are at least a partially influenced by RB inherited traits .	10	14	VBP	are	is	4
a JJ question , posed at a global level , is whether some JJ equation has a solution in f .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
note also that it is not the number of votes that counts , but the arguments used and the discussion in general .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
a JJ coalition of four parties , led by NNP NNP , wins a majority in the croatian parliamentary election .	2	12	VBZ	wins	win	10
i VBP say there are many others , like NNP and NNP , who have every right also to be considered as fathers and NNS ; and the various branches of art and thought probably have their own favourite POS ' fathers .	29	35	VBP	have	has	6
a lens count of 18 NNS per file is unusually high ( twice that of closely related genus ) and accounts for the height of the eye , as opposed to a JJ increase in the size of the individual NNS .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the value of a NN depends upon the distance that the NN is from the rim .	1	5	VBZ	depends	depend	4
NNP themes which are associated with this theory include the dance of death , NNP or NNP NNP , a common medieval NN .	1	8	VBP	include	includes	7
the reason NNP is so JJ , is because you have kept VBG him , essentially demanding that he explain his vote , VBZ he does n't have VBN .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
ironically the residents of NNP , who opposed the construction of this freeway , also suffer from these traffic problems .	2	15	VBP	suffer	suffers	13
the mini games , like driving and NNP plants , have NNS at the end depending on how well the NN was cleared .	2	10	VBP	have	has	8
for example , the temperature of a healthy person rises when he or she exercises , but this is not considered a fever , as the NN is normal .	4	9	VBZ	rises	rise	5
if the new position of an agent is an improvement it is accepted and forms part of the population , otherwise the new position is simply VBN .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
season CD losing her friend and business partner to the plane crash , NNP VBZ against the dark spirit in helping andrea and many of the other NNS from the plane crash cross over .	4	14	VBZ	succeeds	succeed	10
the summit , a large JJ block , is an ancient volcanic NN .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
NNP purpose of technical solution ( NNP ) is to select , design , and implement solutions to requirements .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
other great names that have taught at the school include NNP NNP , NNP NNP , , NNP NNP , NNP NNP , , NNP NNP and others .	2	9	VBP	include	includes	7
the authority of an NN is personal , and an appointment VBZ upon death .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the only way we would be violating npov is if we were to decide for PRP that we should VB from mentioning countries that clearly support a side because we ca n't find sources for countries supporting the other side .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
also , the scale , NN , and attention that the wedding of one of her family members receives indicates just how wealthy her family is as well as the high profile this wealth has VBN them .	11	18	VBZ	receives	receive	7
the corporation 's basis in the asset then is the same as the NN 's .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
smith 's 1985 book , an illustrated history of the space shuttle , is a JJ picture book oriented toward VBG the popular market .	3	13	VBZ	is	are	10
nowadays , the port of le NNP includes three sets of NNS dedicated to NNS and 6 .	3	7	VBZ	includes	include	4
one thing the article should probably mention is the history of the death penalty in the state .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the main theme of `` far away '' is fear .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
any NN of the NN pieces is possible , including even and odd NNS .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
a considerable portion of the tracks in the vicinity of denver contains a third rail in order to operate narrow and standard gauge equipment over the same tracks .	2	11	VBZ	contains	contain	9
when every element of a NN has a complement the NN is called VBN .	2	6	VBZ	has	have	4
the real reason she brought the NNPS and gang to france is so that NNP could fix NNP NNP .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
he realizes that the JJ effects of the drug are not permanent .	5	9	VBP	are	is	4
the main character of the story , NNP starts her position as private secretary to the director at the beginning of the manga .	2	8	VBZ	starts	start	6
other NNS of this style include NNP NNP .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
NNP trail , also at at about JJ km from NNP , a forest road leads to NNP .	1	15	VBZ	leads	lead	14
the primary purpose of the NNP is to raise the quality of life for african americans , the NN and working people through legislation , education and economic development .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
scientists such as ian clark , from the university of ottawa , sometimes are guests who will discuss the JJ side of climate change .	0	13	VBP	are	is	13
additionally , the lack of the shadow mask makes the NN much more JJ RB .	3	8	VBZ	makes	make	5
the steep pitch of the roof is necessary to support the weight of the stone .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the city of nashville , tennessee has the united states ' largest population of JJ people .	1	6	VBZ	has	have	5
the solution , in my view , is to let the facts speak for themselves , and describe them in cool encyclopedic language .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the nature of the changes is controversial .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
another common theme that has emerged in recent weeks is that if only the victims of the holocaust had better access to guns , the nazi regime would not have been able to RB murder so many people .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
some coins VBN during the reign of queen NNP of sweden bear an inscription of NNP d .	1	11	VBP	bear	bears	10
NNP project and significance of NNP ( but lets do one at a time ) .	1	8	VBZ	lets	let	7
the ability to evaluate other important phenomena in a dna JJ genetic background makes NNP an important system in which to study dna NN .	1	13	VBZ	makes	make	12
the order of the republic is a national award of uruguay .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
therefore , these special purpose templates for NNS and JJ maps are no longer needed .	5	11	VBP	are	is	6
alcohol NN NNS kill bacteria , JJ NN bacteria ( NNP and NNP ) , NN , and some NNS ( including hiv , NNS , NNP , NN , NN , NN , hand NNS are most effective against bacteria and less effective against some NNS .	19	36	VBP	are	is	17
one way to VB a VBN state is through the proximity effect .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the NNP part of the name is a common NN , simply meaning a settlement by a church , while NNP is a corruption of NNP , a reference to the village 's JJ past .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
a NN NN with respect to a line l is a NN with the property that every line JJ to l VBZ the NN in a single interval .	17	21	VBZ	intersects	intersect	4
his younger brother , nathan , is also a professional footballer .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the fixed point ( JJ to the origin of a NNP system ) is called the pole , and the ray from the pole in the fixed direction is the polar axis .	20	28	VBZ	is	are	8
NNS VBD the circa 10 , JJ old skull `` NNP '' found near NNP NNP , brazil , revealing JJ characteristics that differ significantly from typical NNP remains .	8	28	VBZ	remains	remain	20
the information collected in this research allows employers to understand the value of their benefit plans compared to state and industry NNS .	1	6	VBZ	allows	allow	5
the issue of whether NNP or this site is reliable or not is another one altogether , and not in question .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
the western rim of the volcano borders the NNP basin , which is VBN with the aforementioned deposit .	2	6	VBZ	borders	border	4
though his parents do not recognize him anymore , he is happy that his dog , dollar , does .	14	18	VBZ	does	do	4
theories of classical NN , instrumental NN and social learning are mainly responsible for formation of attitude .	0	10	VBP	are	is	10
this section of the list of former state routes in new york contains all routes numbered between 26 and 50 .	1	12	VBZ	contains	contain	11
the purpose of this page is to help improve all wikipedia pages related to the new york giants nfl american football team .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
NNS that are confirmed to be screening some or all of the matches in high definition are in bold .	0	16	VBP	are	is	16
selection by an important author for inclusion no matter how brief is significant .	0	11	VBZ	is	are	11
global warming 's additional effect on the carbon cycle is ocean NN .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
the southern part of the NNP includes the NNP NNP , consisting of quite low NNP NNP , , NNP NNP ( mount NNP , ) , and NNP NNP ( NNP mountain , ) .	2	6	VBZ	includes	include	4
japanese company who develops video games for arcade , home console , and mobile platforms , specializes in NNP and shoot PRP up titles .	1	16	VBZ	specializes	specialize	15
list of national law enforcement agencies of south korea this is a list of all national law enforcement agencies of south korea .	0	10	VBZ	is	are	10
revolution CD even though it is a talk show .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
reconstruction of tropical sea surface temperature from NN JJ implies an average value of in the early NN .	0	9	VBZ	implies	imply	9
if a trademark has not been registered , some NNS ( especially common law countries ) offer protection for the business reputation or NN which VBZ to JJ NNS through the NN of passing off .	9	16	VBP	offer	offers	7
he may have also married the sister of abdul NNP khan , the NN of NNP ; NNP describes it as a marriage , but NNP rao 's translator , citing NNP , claims this was a `` JJ marriage '' .	28	33	VBZ	claims	claim	5
spanish speaking customer in a department store where NNP si JJ NN is the NN .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
a most important example of NNP space is that of a NNP space .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the background of the african jazz pioneers VBZ back to the 1950s when jazz was the fashion and big bands were the name of the game .	1	7	VBZ	stretches	stretch	6
the vision of NNP 's NNP programs is to strengthen california 's educational system in ways that will promote a JJ economy by building a highly skilled and creative NN .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
one seat in a legislature is not a big deal .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
i think the interpretation by NNP of what NNP has said shows a lack of assuming good faith .	3	11	VBZ	shows	show	8
later in the story ( more obviously shown in the anime than the manga ) , phantom 's revealed to treasure those who are close to him , and his desire for NN partly VBZ from his NN to part with them .	30	34	VBZ	originates	originate	4
a new industrial park , '' west industrial park ' , is to be built to the west of NNP NNP in the near future , bounded by a road which is estimated to be completed in 2014 .	3	11	VBZ	is	are	8
in recent years JJ centres across various parts of india are common place for international sex tourism .	4	10	VBP	are	is	6
the answer to question 7 is a bit off in my opinion , as i am sure the community NN this issue on their own should they be notified that someone is dead , or decide if it is worth it to continue the protection .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the only other business that is open to the public is the post office .	3	10	VBZ	is	are	7
study of formation pressures is important for the safe planning of a well .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
visual artists living and working within the community include jordan bennett , NNP NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP , jonathan s .	1	8	VBP	include	includes	7
this group of 9 members meets together weekly and is led by the general secretary .	1	5	VBZ	meets	meet	4
clay is a sexual NN , and his affair with coach NNP just happens to be the current NN he 's VBN on ( i .	8	13	VBZ	happens	happen	5
the sole object of the NNP and NNP marriages is for sexual NN in a JJ manner .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the mediterranean collection at the north border includes NNP NNS .	2	7	VBZ	includes	include	5
in addition , every vehicle in sports heaven is a sports vehicle , whether a NN , a monster truck , an entire NNP race , or a fleet of NN NNS flying out of a garage .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
a major market of this division is the provision of services to saudi arabia as part of the al NNP project and subsequent saudi NNP contract .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
according to the 2000 census , population of the district is 35 , CD of which 6 , CD live in the town of NNP .	6	10	VBZ	is	are	4
beaches and other natural habitats are the biggest parts of the nation 's tourism industry .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
the colour of the narrow linear portion is JJ brown to VB brown , filled with JJ NNS of NN .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
this range of NNS also corresponds to RB high electrical NN .	1	5	VBZ	corresponds	correspond	4
government agencies affected by NNP CD are counties , cities , and special districts .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
other parts of the internet are e-mail , instant NN , file transfer protocol , and so on .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
JJ products of series , see NNP product .	1	5	VBP	see	sees	4
a journalist and broadcaster , NNP writes for national newspapers , and broadcasts regularly as london correspondent for the canadian broadcasting corporation , radio canada .	1	6	VBZ	writes	write	5
merge into the event is okay for me .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
statues of san NNP appear in most cities of argentina , as well as in santiago de chile and lima .	0	4	VBP	appear	appears	4
google hits for the phrase though show a remarkable , although not universal , consistency in referring to philadelphia ( i was n't VBG any consistency at all , there being lots of cities in america ) , although i 've not investigated why this is .	1	6	VBP	show	shows	5
NNP 's version of the song features a guest vocal from grace potter , lead singer of grace potter and the NNPS .	2	6	VBZ	features	feature	4
the city with the world 's second largest number of JJ people is buenos aires , where immigration from NNP was so JJ that today all NNP , regardless of their origin within spain , are referred to as NNS ( NNPS ) in argentina .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
a swedish edition of the album , with swedish lyrics , is also available .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
the algorithm for NNP NN goes as follows .	1	5	VBZ	goes	go	4
however , the use of NNP for such a diagnosis is now redundant and has been VBN by the NN NNS .	3	10	VBZ	is	are	7
an analysis of over 200 social studies VBZ that `` high NN VBZ a lower risk of depression and drug abuse and fewer suicide attempts , and more reports of NN with sex life and a sense of NN .	1	7	VBZ	contends	contend	6
NNP escapes , but when the NNPS break down the city gates , he VBZ the common people in VBG them and VBG the siege .	1	7	VBP	break	breaks	6
however , the received text of the new testament is greek , and nearly all translations are based upon the greek text .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
to them , the common idea that the chilean nation was formed solely by europeans is incorrect .	5	15	VBZ	is	are	10
the claim of notability here is that dealer had an effective ad NN which made them famous in california .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the specific audience of this journal is the clinical NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
because the content of the NNS is never RB bizarre , patients can rarely distinguish between the NNS and reality .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP later received the ultimate honor of being raised to the ranks of NNP NN ; NNS to his honor still exist at his home town in NNP , NNP prefecture , and on the site of his summer home on NNP , NNP , NNP prefecture .	16	21	VBP	exist	exists	5
the ambassador of colombia to belgium is the ambassador extraordinary and NNP of the republic of colombia to the kingdom of belgium , accredited as NNP NNP ambassador to the grand duchy of luxembourg , and representative of colombia to the european union .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the only people who want it to be deleted are who it applies too JJ attack from 82 .	2	9	VBP	are	is	7
the JJ group generated by i h corresponds to the time evolution of s .	2	7	VBZ	corresponds	correspond	5
catholic information producers or catholic tv are the main partners of NNP .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
six group winners , six NN NNS and the four best JJ NNS qualify for the knockout round .	2	13	VBP	qualify	qualifies	11
part of the furniture ( 1997 ) is a JJ novel written by british author mary wesley .	0	7	VBZ	is	are	7
these films , issued by rca on NNP tape and laser disc and on dvd by testament , provide unique video documentation of the NN yet VBD NN technique for which he was well known .	1	18	VBP	provide	provides	17
the most common database installed with the software package is NNP .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
my motion for deletion still stands for the reasons stated .	1	5	VBZ	stands	stand	4
by comparison , a similar employee in san antonio ( which is not one of the 31 designated areas for an increased NN ) would receive only the standard `` rest of u .	5	11	VBZ	is	are	6
the village of deposit , on the county line , is partly within the town of NNP ( NNP county ) and the town of deposit ( delaware county ) .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
the projection of the NNP VBZ several purposes , on one hand it allows air from three sides to enter , even if the NN outside was parallel to the house NN ; on the other hand it serves the street and in turn the neighborhood .	1	5	VBZ	achieves	achieve	4
part of the problem is that the controversy surrounding andy was largely played out on blogs , which are , at best , sometimes allowed as primary sources only .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
the JJ spelling of this road 's name remains as a historical NN , but it is clear that it was named in honour of henry NNP , 1st NNP of NNP , the most JJ owner of NNP place .	2	8	VBZ	remains	remain	6
NNP NN , common name the JJ NN , is a species of JJ true NN , a marine gastropod NN in the family NNP , one of the families of true NNS .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
JJ sources of JJ acid include a variety of animal NNS , NN NNS , and marine NNS .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
the early english records of south carolina refer to the NNP , spelled `` NNP '' , a few times .	3	7	VBP	refer	refers	4
the consensus in our project is that speed limits , like many other things in the list you mention , are not notable without justification .	8	20	VBP	are	is	12
simon being a NN , the entire police force in the district is in search .	8	12	VBZ	is	are	4
NNS of sky kingdom believe that one day , NNP pin will return as the NNP NNP .	0	4	VBP	believe	believes	4
the name of the drawing is called `` NNP two `` but it is not spelled out POS ' , it is the NNP ii .	1	21	VBZ	IS	ARE	20
current members of the NNP board of education are bruce bond , michael t .	1	8	VBP	are	is	7
the problem for these firms is how to increase growth , increase JJ and improve revenue in an otherwise mature and competitive market .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the office open NNP format ( NNP ) , is an open and free document file format for saving and VBG JJ office documents such as text documents ( including NNS , reports , and books ) , NNS , charts , and NNS .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
keep a 103 year old hockey club still in existence is notable .	6	10	VBZ	is	are	4
the purpose of NN imaging is to locate the NN , evaluate for signs of invasion and detect NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
an alternative to JJ ministry gaining ground is the concept of JJ ministry , which seeks to include all age and peer groups in primary church functions .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the orbital period of this system is 1 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
VBG between the art of performance , photography in its JJ form , the composition of classical painting and a JJ representation of reality , NNP creates pictures that merge theatrical performances ( NNS ) with a JJ view , exploring the fine line between autobiography and fiction .	14	26	VBZ	creates	create	12
the programme you and NNP , also on radio 4 , also includes much about personal finance , fraud and NNS .	1	12	VBZ	includes	include	11
because of the amount of wildlife in and near the river , parts of the town are designated as site of special scientific interest .	12	16	VBP	are	is	4
if a review of the person 's experiences with NN NNS shows that adequate tests of at least a few different NNS have not succeeded in controlling the NNS , then the person may be referred to a specialist for a JJ ( or JJ ) assessment .	2	11	VBZ	shows	show	9
rock fall from above slopes also plays an important role in VBG the snow and ice from NN .	1	6	VBZ	plays	play	5
the list of NNS in 2000 includes all ships sunk , VBN , VBN , or otherwise lost during 2000 .	1	6	VBZ	includes	include	5
studies on the binding mechanism of selective NNP NNS show that they have two JJ steps with both NNP and NNP , but the NN for NNP is due to another step that is slow and JJ and is seen only in the NN of NNP , not NNP .	0	9	VBP	show	shows	9
the discussion preceding the current one has more information .	1	6	VBZ	has	have	5
the only way to see a glory is to see your own shadow .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
as of august 2011 , the future of the NNP remains uncertain as jackie jackson released a solo single to itunes and both NNP and NNP jackson were planning new solo studio albums , which have n't been released yet .	6	10	VBZ	remains	remain	4
additionally the implementation of an intelligent pressure management system is an efficient approach to reduce the total real losses in the long term .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
therefore , all australian plants occurring in the wild are , presently , officially known as r .	4	9	VBP	are	is	5
the speed limit on the NN JJ lane is 70 for all traffic .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the NNP never kill NNS , an NN closely related to humans whose population is much higher in NNP territory than elsewhere .	7	14	VBZ	is	are	7
delete and selective merge - the article as it stands is lengthy only because of the excessive game guide material and trivia present .	6	10	VBZ	is	are	4
the verb that is immediately subordinate to the NN is always an JJ .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
according to the 2001 census , the population of the city is 50 , 200 .	7	11	VBZ	is	are	4
alumni in the fine arts include designer paul NNP , composer michael NNP and visual artist robert NNP .	0	5	VBP	include	includes	5
NNS way there is a to do section on the page its says fix templates .	1	12	VBZ	says	say	11
NNP orbit - an orbit in which the projection of the object onto the JJ plane VBZ about the earth in the direction opposite that of the rotation of the earth .	8	16	VBZ	revolves	revolve	8
rear seats for the NNP NNP are friction NN VBD at NNP , NNP NNS at NNP climate control and VB gas NN NNS at NNP .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
these NNS have been used for the synthesis of left handed and negative JJ index media , where the necessary value of the negative effective NN is due to the presence of the NNP .	20	26	VBZ	is	are	6
set near the end and after the events of all the NNP of NNP it further VBZ the science fiction aspects of the origins of the NNP series with the JJ aspects presented by the original books .	0	16	VBZ	integrates	integrate	16
articles about terms , however , are precisely the domain of NNP and explicitly not the domain of wikipedia .	0	6	VBP	are	is	6
the nature of the river creates a highly technical course , with the current frequently switching from side to side of the river over the length of the course .	1	5	VBZ	creates	create	4
a similar concept , but now in silver , is NNP 's n .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
his only conclusion , when a user VBZ the project and allegedly NNS at NNP , is to shut down the whole project .	2	16	VBZ	is	are	14
a similar badge , the vice presidential service badge , exists for military personnel assigned to assist the vice president of the united states .	2	10	VBZ	exists	exist	8
a major feature within the NN is its JJ beach , which is 2 , 000 square metres of JJ concrete surrounded by 4 , 000 JJ metres of sand .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
this list of indian women in dance includes women from india or of indian NN who are notable for their involvement with modern or traditional indian dance , as dancers or NNS .	1	7	VBZ	includes	include	6
the families of these nobles NNP still use their NNS as NNP and are mainly settled in and around NNP .	1	7	VBP	use	uses	6
it is long , and the area of its drainage basin is .	6	11	VBZ	is	are	5
the formula for the area of a NN is height times length , or VB , in our case .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the name of the town is a blend of hartford and windsor , from which its earliest settlers came .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the NNS , rather than VBG on expensive and heavily processed meat NNS , use readily available and JJ ingredients .	1	14	VBP	use	uses	13
an JJ NN of pale yellow or white crosses the JJ third of the first NN , cutting the brown fringe on each side of the NN .	2	8	VBZ	crosses	cross	6
their entry , titled `` closed doors '' , is available for viewing on youtube .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
some locations , such as the tree of the silver guru , appear in both novels ( although the railway , which has a major role in NNP junction , was in the earlier book a JJ road ) .	1	12	VBP	appear	appears	11
major works by well known authors deserve an article , and an editor should not be put in the NN of VBG a stub deleted because of insufficient evidence or having a red link deleted because there was no stub .	1	6	VBP	deserve	deserves	5
if the answer to question 1 is much greater than the answer to question 2 and that also holds true for things of the same type of the same relative level of NN , then the article should be kept .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
variations on these techniques exist , and new methods can offer added benefits .	0	4	VBP	exist	exists	4
her second novel , the mother daughter show , is a NN set at an elite washington , dc private school , where the mothers of graduating senior girls write and perform an annual musical NN .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the difference between da and NN appears simple .	1	6	VBZ	appears	appear	5
on nearby NNP lane , NNP , first greater manchester service CD provides a direct link to NNP and NNP , while another first service , the CD , also provides a link to NNP and NNP plus to NNP via NNP .	24	30	VBZ	provides	provide	6
the process of NN , therefore , is not complete , and may still VB a threat to life on earth .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
voice of ho chi NNP city is under the administration of ho chi NNP city service of culture and communication and ho chi NNP city communist party commission .	0	6	VBZ	is	are	6
the immediate change needed in teacher education is to develop professional identity of teachers and VBG faith in the key role of the teacher as an academic leader in the school system .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
a complete list , however , is available here .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP and lady NNP battle outside but ace breaks it up .	4	8	VBZ	breaks	break	4
NNP dates for your web references are JJ .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
i understand that some types of NN , which is a grass , grow so quickly you can actually see and hear it ( VBG sounds ) .	4	13	VBP	grow	grows	9
one side of the NN is long , and the flights of NNS at each of the four sides of it are wide .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
insects that spin NNS include moths and web NNS .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
a running NN on the series is the fact that martin is a JJ NN 's boy .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
even so , the reasons behind the block are not what i would like to see .	4	8	VBP	are	is	4
NNP NNP 's only edit to the NNP swamp article is in the trivia section .	4	10	VBZ	is	are	6
this plant has been cultivated in japan for more than a thousand years and some varieties mentioned in japanese NN books in the late 17th century are still in existence .	15	26	VBP	are	is	11
NNS are now shown before the film ( or the a movie in a double feature program ) begins .	6	18	VBZ	begins	begin	12
the music department at NNP valley hosts an annual concert in december named `` NNP '' .	2	6	VBZ	hosts	host	4
the details of how the internet traffic is paid for are quite complex .	1	10	VBP	are	is	9
NNS from using JJ include new NNS of the hiv virus and drug resistance .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
letter of the weak steve reads out a letter he received during the week , and answers .	0	5	VBZ	reads	read	5
the majority of its programming falls under the modern rock category .	1	5	VBZ	falls	fall	4
complaints about the section editing experience with NNP are completely valid in that context , for example ; the [ [ progressive NN ] ] of JJ section edit links was a bad idea .	0	8	VBP	are	is	8
the only conclusion which can be draw from JJ evidence is that in the JJ culture that in the vast majority of cases the bodies were not formally VBN within the settlement area .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
the santo NNP church and former monastery is the largest structure in the town , set on a small hill overlooking the river .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
its effect on clark kent is to rid him of all NNS , making him JJ and potentially dangerous if exposed to it for too long .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the surviving branch , that of NNP , was divided into the lines of NNP and NNP ; other divisions followed , and the four existing lines of this branch of the family are those of NNP , NNP , NNP , and NNP .	26	33	VBP	are	is	7
right now i think the best place to be to defend against those trying to divide the community is arbcom .	6	18	VBZ	is	are	12
the record for that team is JJ .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP 's comments about NNP christians are reminiscent of the JJ NNS of NNP smith and dr NNP .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
known NNS of this species include the NNS NNP NN , g .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
the soundtrack , released in 1999 , features 5 tracks with lyrics written by NNP , NNP and na .	1	7	VBZ	features	feature	6
the NN ring that supports the dome is almost JJ in shape with JJ top .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
in the confusion of the battle , many of the wounded and dead troops were left behind by VBG american troops , and a large part of the force was also captured ; consequently , the identity of this first combat NN remains a mystery .	36	42	VBZ	remains	remain	6
features such as a pin code request and a call VBG service mean the users personal information wo n't be at risk should they accidentally leave their phone lying about .	0	12	VBP	mean	means	12
research into this field is relatively recent ( less than 20 years ) and therefore there is much to learn about the function of specific NNS .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
material on modern irish is JJ , and old irish is available , but what i really want is the language of the classical poets .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
more information on this subject exists in the italian wikipedia .	1	5	VBZ	exists	exist	4
the NNS of females with JJ NN show no difference in brain size .	1	7	VBP	show	shows	6
judge 's employer , larry , is an elderly man who had a JJ encounter with the beast as a child .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
in the JJ season , the JJ NNS on the back and wing tips of the african sacred NNP look similar to the NNS of an NN , which VBZ NNP ' description .	7	19	VBP	look	looks	12
the result of the debate was speedy merge , the creator of this RB created category agrees with this proposal , therefore i am VBG this per speedy criterion NNP .	10	16	VBZ	agrees	agree	6
young NNS ' NNP sentence of detention in a young NNS ' institution ( or NNP ) is available to the court in respect of those between the ages of 15 and 21 years ( JJ ) who have committed JJ NNS .	4	17	VBZ	is	are	13
the problem is that 5 uninvolved editors have said at the rfc that the inclusion of the reference is inappropriate .	14	18	VBZ	is	are	4
the 5 year disease free survival rate for NNP positive cancer is significantly higher when appropriately treated with surgery , radiation and NN as compared to JJ positive cancer , VBN by multiple studies including research conducted by dr .	6	11	VBZ	is	are	5
the states currently involved in the settlement are arizona , california , connecticut , florida , iowa , michigan , north carolina , ohio , texas , and washington .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
the second manuscript - the only known one to still exist - is in the british museum and was published by NNP in 1903 .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
examples of NNP pc devices are the NNP NNP CD , hp CD , hp NNP CD , and NNP NNP .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
the chief picture VBN to him is an JJ in the NNP institute at NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
most georgian cottage style buildings were built between the years of 1850 and 1890 , so the use of this architectural style in 1902 reflects the conservative attitude that many in the settlement felt toward new architectural practices .	17	24	VBZ	reflects	reflect	7
the criteria for the different classes are below .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
the rules for such biographies are much JJR than for articles about towns or NNS for example .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
for example , the second figure from the left is a man wearing a JJ belt ; he may represent NNP ( NN ) .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
strong keep police NNS that trigger massive riots in london are probably notable .	3	10	VBP	are	is	7
a JJ extension that VBZ out of the NN allows a JJ [ 50 .	2	9	VBZ	allows	allow	7
in NNP 's fiction , the exploration of `` JJ NNS '' within the context of JJ lives , mainly from a male viewpoint , plays an important role .	6	25	VBZ	plays	play	19
of course the goal of the article is not to list every NN in history ; rather , it is meant to list NNS of notable lawyers ( or notable NNS of otherwise JJ lawyers , though i doubt there are any such cases ) .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
this apparent NN motion is created when the orbit of the earth takes it past an outer planet .	8	12	VBZ	takes	take	4
one point upon which most VBP professionals generally agree is that any dive on which the parameters VBP the possibility of a safe and direct NN to the surface should be considered technical diving of some sort , and must require specialized training and associated advanced certification .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
NNP 's photographs of the second NNP war are the first to document a military campaign as it VBD , doing so through a sequence of dated and related images .	2	8	VBP	are	is	6
n specifically states that mentions such as these are trivial .	4	8	VBP	are	is	4
the mass of the earth is 5 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the maximum number of JJ events is 500 ( or 1 , 000 for NNP iii version ) .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
during surgery , the position of the NN is further verified by means of a NNP NNP , with which one can hear the blood flowing through the vessel .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP rings or JJ loop hair extensions use small metal rings ( usually aluminium ) lined with NN with the extension hair attached .	1	7	VBP	use	uses	6
the ten NNS of the doctor , to date , appear in this episode through an JJ projection .	2	10	VBP	appear	appears	8
at least 24 , 000 workers at two plants in vietnam go on strike over pay , NNS and lunar new year holidays .	5	11	VBP	go	goes	6
the diary that he kept during his journey shows that he was engaged in very difficult and JJ negotiations .	1	8	VBZ	shows	show	7
rows of JJ creatures fill the room in JJ NN NNS filled with a green liquid containing the beings in a deep sleep .	0	4	VBP	fill	fills	4
the likely source areas for NNP NNS are what is now france or spain .	3	7	VBP	are	is	4
also , i feel that the infobox should absolutely show a picture of the NN rather than its skull -- the first thing a reader wants to know is what the JJ thing looked like !	22	28	VBZ	is	are	6
NNP ( NNP name JJ ( JJ ) NN NN , trade names NNP and NNP ) is a NN used to kill NNS ( an NN ) .	3	17	VBZ	is	are	14
its daughter church of st helen 's , built in JJ , serves as the church of a local NNP partnership between NNPS and NNPS .	2	12	VBZ	serves	serve	10
seven members of the 1972 NNP championship team appear as NNS in a church scene .	1	8	VBP	appear	appears	7
specifically , the area in which the earliest traces of human settlements have been reported is the NNP , a quarter located in the northern part of the city centre .	3	15	VBZ	is	are	12
goddess of democracy statue is the proper substitute for the NN infobox in place of tank man photo , it has a reasonable significance to the whole protest .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
a short NN section of the trail between NNP and NNP is narrow and runs between the sand NNS .	3	11	VBZ	is	are	8
the ratio of educated health care professionals to population disease NN is already a reason for concern in the developing world .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
the job of any NN who contributes to political and historical articles is to produce npov articles from pov sources .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
i assumed the op was VBG about stubs ; if things like every army from NNS game are JJ articles , then there is no problem whatsoever .	10	17	VBP	are	is	7
when only 8 seeds are left on a board , the player who moved first at the beginning of the game VBZ them and the game ends .	11	21	VBZ	captures	capture	10
let me be VBN ; the fact that NNP and i have gotten along in the past is the precise reason why he would likely be JJ to me about his name and location .	6	17	VBZ	is	are	11
the lack of significant coverage by reliable third parties is the big issue , with the use of primary sources and JJ wording of the article in second place .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the JJ NNP people ( formerly known as NNP ) of northern alaska , canada and NNP follow or followed this custom .	3	17	VBP	follow	follows	14
the two buildings north of the parking lot and adjacent to lock 15 are some of the oldest structures in NNP .	2	13	VBP	are	is	11
JJ psychology attempts to understand how individuals of different cultures interact with each other ( NNP et al .	6	10	VBP	interact	interacts	4
the success most often VBN to in regard to the danish policy toward germany is the protection of the jewish minority in denmark .	1	14	VBZ	is	are	13
tracks CD and 15 are bonus tracks .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
NNP says that NNP 's transformation for the better is an inspiration to her .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
both the illustrations and the stories themselves easily capture the attention of almost all children .	2	8	VBP	capture	captures	6
the current requirements for the notability of individual songs are much lower than any other aspect of wikipedia , but RB that something meets the NN requirements is no reason to necessarily have an article if there is insufficient specific to say .	2	9	VBP	are	is	7
the main road from NNP to the railway station hosts a number of shops for manufactured products and clothing on the two sides .	2	9	VBZ	hosts	host	7
the postal code of the area is CD .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
its vision of human NN is JJ in so far as it sees government and related social practices such as property monopoly , marriage and monarchy as VBG the progress of NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
other names for the NNS are turkish NN , NNP NN , NNP NN , NNP NN or NNP RB , NNS in asia minor or VB in india .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the plan area of the NN in NNP is usually in the range of one to a few thousand square kilometres and the horizontal depth of the NN is usually less than CD .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
body , the NNP is the speech and the guru is the mind .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
the versions using JJ instead of fish are more popular ; NN NN with NN and JJ NN is now a standard dish in thailand .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
in fact in NNP , the words you 're , your , NN and NN are all pronounced alike .	6	15	VBP	are	is	9
another theorem about NN NNS , that their JJ index NNS their maximum degree , is equivalent to the NN of the line NN of JJ NNS .	1	15	VBZ	is	are	14
vehicles driving in both directions have to watch that they do not VB .	0	5	VBP	have	has	5
a natural valley to the beach protected by rocky NNS provides an excellent natural access to the sea .	2	10	VBZ	provides	provide	8
today , the main sources of the word NN are the NNP and the NNP .	4	9	VBP	are	is	5
the cooling towers of NNP power station dominate the NN to the west .	2	7	VBP	dominate	dominates	5
the problem here is that the NNP article , which is getting more than CD hits a day this week , is already overly lengthy , taking a long time to load .	7	21	VBZ	is	are	14
other significant points in my JJ include my first fa in october 2008 , becoming an administrator in september 2009 , and getting involved with the wikipedia NNP initiative in august 2010 .	2	6	VBP	include	includes	4
you are advancing an argument here that we can not use this image without individual permission from the copyright holder because `` when the person featured in the photo is a NN , there are regulations that limit its use .	24	29	VBZ	is	are	5
i think that the location of an event is a very fundamental part of memory , and those who have practiced NNS often describe VBG themselves VBG memories in a house , garden , etc .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
stubs intended to continue both directions of the parkway past NNP are present at the merge with NNP boulevard .	0	11	VBP	are	is	11
the only daughter of a NN who owned a shipyard near lake ontario , caroline enjoys outdoor activities like sailing and NN , and dreams of one day having her own ship like her father .	2	15	VBZ	enjoys	enjoy	13
the NN greater NN appear in second edition in the NNP NNP volume outer planes NNP ( 1991 ) under the `` NN '' heading , the NN ( NN ) appears under the `` devil '' heading in the third edition monster manual ii ( 2002 ) .	12	31	VBZ	appears	appear	19
a section of NNP national park known as the NNP VBZ forests found in the north of the suburb .	1	10	VBZ	protects	protect	9
the model for the artwork is NNP NNP ( now NNP ) , who would later become max NNP 's adopted NN and NN of NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
at this point , NNP and the JJ effect their plan - in the daily planet office clark kent finds himself suddenly wanting to go rabbit hunting while bugs is confused by the sight of NNP wearing superman 's costume and VBG JJ NNS .	8	19	VBZ	finds	find	11
the length of the track is one NN - 600 steps , or RB m .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
each section in the NNP now directly corresponds to a section of the NNP .	1	7	VBZ	corresponds	correspond	6
arrow of god [ 10 ] this author of arrow of god , who was a harsh critic of racism in heart of darkness , is more famous for writing about the NNP NNP and NNP in his things fall apart .	0	25	VBZ	is	are	25
the list of american corporations that own and operate nursing homes , and the breakdown of types of facilities , is material that may exist elsewhere on wikipedia .	1	20	VBZ	is	are	19
the present hindi version of the book uses this photograph .	3	7	VBZ	uses	use	4
the certain trade associations such as NNP and NNP have mandatory policies where member companies must submit all accident , incident and near miss occurrence in order to evaluate and compare the information from an entire industry .	3	9	VBP	have	has	6
studies designed to test the JJ potential of environmental agents use animal model systems ( e .	0	10	VBP	use	uses	10
the traditional tribal boundary of NNP NNP extends from NNP in the north to te NNP ( a rock that used to sit in the mouth of NNP harbour ) in the south .	3	7	VBZ	extends	extend	4
the heavily NNP influenced economic history that VBZ europe has little relevance to most of canadian history .	5	9	VBZ	has	have	4
it is circuit switched , which means that every switch on the network VBZ more or less like a NNP NN .	9	13	VBZ	behaves	behave	4
a monument to NNP NNP is in NNP NNP town in NNP district .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
according to rabbi NNP NNP , rabbi of the western wall and author of NNP NNP , a book of laws regarding the western wall , burning is a `` pure '' way to deal with the notes , but VBG them is more JJ .	12	27	VBZ	is	are	15
the appearance of additional JJ names in NNP inscriptions from later stages of the iron age is an additional indication of the JJ origins of this group .	1	16	VBZ	is	are	15
croatian composers for the NN include NNP NNP NNP , NNP leopold and NNP NNP .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
the length of the NNS is JJ mm .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the area , a few blocks north of NNP terminal , is now mostly part of the hudson river , without NNS ; a NN bicycle path lines it .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
blogs and personal websites are not reliable sources , unless written by the subject of the article or by an expert on the subject .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
the sole remaining major train crossing NNP pass today is the daily NNP `` southwest chief '' , in both directions , between los angeles and chicago .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
the procedure for replacing an NN NNP drive is RB JJ and takes well over an hour or two just to do the hardware NN .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the amount of VBG taking place between members of a troop is a JJ NN of alliance formation or troop NN .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
timeline of the 1994 atlantic hurricane NN is a collaborative effort between myself and , so consider this a NN .	0	7	VBZ	is	are	7
alternatively , some NNS from the peninsula and NNP area also sometimes use richmond international airport , located west of NNP and east of richmond in NNP county , virginia .	3	12	VBP	use	uses	9
the bottom of the NN shows four NNS which act as NNS which VBP if left JJ or are VBN ' by your sub .	1	5	VBZ	shows	show	4
in the market for sculpture , VBN by NNS , the value of a piece increases significantly when its NN can be established .	11	15	VBZ	increases	increase	4
however , the loud call note of both NNS is different .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
the ex pupils of these schools are largely the pupils of NNP morgan NNP .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
tuesday night 's arrival at the mark NNP theatre lacks solid , JJ appeal , so the international NN of miss NNP as a movie star with a tremendous sex image and a JJ acting style is really on the line .	3	9	VBZ	lacks	lack	6
NNP is applicable here , because the extra links this template offers to articles are very limited .	8	14	VBP	are	is	6
the main engine of a JJ NN intervention is the NN head .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the building with the tower remains in the middle at the same location , although it is now an office building and retail store front operated by douglas development corp .	1	5	VBZ	remains	remain	4
the words to the song are from an anonymous source .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the death toll from the NN rises to at least CD .	2	6	VBZ	rises	rise	4
you are going to hate me for saying this , but the mentions of the NNP tragedy , the NNP and mount st NNP are JJ here .	12	24	VBP	are	is	12
this JJ creator god accompanied by supernatural musicians is a clear prototype for NNP , price argues .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
most members of this genus have either a single NN , or a compact root system united in a single root head , and are thus JJ for division .	1	5	VBP	have	has	4
when the domain NN is compact , the notion of a smooth NN is equivalent to that of an JJ NN .	8	13	VBZ	is	are	5
speedy delete - the material for this article is from a very biased and JJ JJ site .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
recent years have seen the arrival of community groups such as save our NNP ( NNP ) , dedicated to improving relationships between old and new residents and ensuring that the concerns of the NNP working class remain at the NN of the city 's political concerns .	31	37	VBP	remain	remains	6
the JJ system of NNP species is always JJ .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
other nearby locations mentioned in the book are lake NNP , the rock river , and the NNP dam .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
one legend about the origin of the NN NN is that a shepherd named NNP the NNP received the gift of a flying horse ; he would mount it at night and fly to meet his beloved .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
another unique characteristic in the NNP music is the introduction of yet another NN at the middle of a musical performance .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the fact that no one has VBN to add references to them since they were posted two years ago is also not surprising , considering the volume of pages on the english wikipedia .	1	19	VBZ	is	are	18
the castle ' s three NN halls with facilities for up to 200 people offer venues for business meetings , NN NNS and cultural events .	6	14	VBP	offer	offers	8
in general , a very good effort at a top level summary article , which is difficult to do since its main job is to VB and redirect for more information .	6	23	VBZ	is	are	17
other names for the character include NNP , NNP , NNP , private NNP , NNP , the NNP , and NNP .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
the probability of finding an earth analog depends mostly on the attributes that are expected to be similar , and these vary greatly .	1	7	VBZ	depends	depend	6
innovation in post NNP award is in recognition of notable individuals or groups who 's creative or technical innovation may not fit into another category or meet their NN requirements .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
the problem with fixed focus NNS is that the beam NN is fixed , which means that as the laser is fired and the range increases , the beam diameter continually increases as well .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
and feeling , without which there is no poetry , has no need of NN .	1	10	VBZ	has	have	9
group companies such as NNP science , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP NNP are leaders in NN and vital signs NNS , emergency NN care equipment , JJ treatments and VBG technologies .	1	17	VBP	are	is	16
would like to use wiki NN because my cost per hour online is high .	8	12	VBZ	is	are	4
and yet , i will VB that a voting system that has gained wide support among smart people is the NNP method .	9	18	VBZ	is	are	9
NNP an other way to close this discussion is to really expand the article ) .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
with fields still at the NN , the president of the national NNP company , NNP ( george irving ) , arrives at the course .	8	21	VBZ	arrives	arrive	13
RB this NN , the story of target earth begins with a war between earth ( and its colonies ) against a JJ army returning from the JJS reaches of space .	5	9	VBZ	begins	begin	4
the historical roots of the common law of scotland are the JJ laws of the different cultures which inhabited the region , which were mixed together with JJ concepts by the scottish kings to form a distinct common law .	2	9	VBP	are	is	7
the architecture of four NNP ( 1971 ) , mentions the hall of records in passing , in the NN of a broader NN of downtown los angeles as `` where the action can not possibly be '' ( CD ) .	1	9	VBZ	mentions	mention	8
but the transition between those two NNS is very RB , and that happens to be what i saw when i first went to the page .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the areas around the NNP pan also have other JJ vegetation including NNS such as NNP NN and NNP NN and NNS such as NNP NN .	1	7	VBP	have	has	6
while since the 19th century the judicial review that the constitutional council brings to bear on the acts of the executive branch has played an increasingly large role , the politicians that VBD the successive french institutions have long been reluctant to have the JJ review legislation .	7	12	VBZ	brings	bring	5
i am just NN that this is not one of the tv shows where dozens of JJ episode articles need to be merged into a list .	14	19	VBP	need	needs	5
in addition , the final setting of milton 's text uses the same melody as the first song for soprano , although VBN differently .	5	10	VBZ	uses	use	5
the patron of the college is saint john NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the entrance of the bank of greece features the greek and the european union flags .	1	7	VBZ	features	feature	6
the nearest city of comparable size or greater is sydney , australia , away .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
every cell in the body has 2 copies of every gene .	1	5	VBZ	has	have	4
i VBP that , in response to the above comment , the author of the article is likely to come forward with a link to establish that this organization really does exist ; that is , it is registered with the new york secretary of state as a corporation .	12	16	VBZ	is	are	4
several editors have decided that , since the city articles they are working on have no airports and are sometimes lacking other facilities like certain key NNS , sports NNS , etc .	9	14	VBP	have	has	5
the celebration with great NN and the performance of priest dances marks the ending of the festival .	1	11	VBZ	marks	mark	10
a dish with its genesis in the heart of chicago 's puerto rican community is a specialty known as the NN .	1	14	VBZ	is	are	13
layers upon layers of guitars create a JJ mood that ranks with some of the best NN sounds out there .	0	5	VBP	create	creates	5
other titles which may be used to describe this movement are `` simple church '' `` JJ church , '' `` primitive church , '' `` body life , '' `` organic church , '' or `` biblical church .	1	10	VBP	are	is	9
a storm that is reported to be a hurricane affects new york and new england although there is no known damage .	1	9	VBZ	affects	affect	8
registration of vital events is in colombia not complete .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
the discussion on the afd covers several issues , one of which is the quality and reliability of the middle east quarterly , along with the quality of its JJ and peer review process .	1	5	VBZ	covers	cover	4
the prototype version of NNP NNP grand prix is different from the final version in terms of its internal components .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
this affiliate of the american NNP network is on NNP channel 23 broadcasting from mt .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
murder , my sweet is what they all VBP to be .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
saint mary 's NNP church of st mary the virgin dates back to the 11th century , and was built by the NNPS .	4	10	VBZ	dates	date	6
beyond the cities participating in the network , some of the activities are open to citizen and professional groups and organisations , students , academics and other interested individuals .	2	12	VBP	are	is	10
it seems to be a single purpose NN , the only thing in contribs list is edits similar to this , always concerning the JJ NN music NN .	11	15	VBZ	is	are	4
an example of an JJ frame is the JJ JJ aspect ( PRP about to x ' ) , illustrated here with the verb POS tell ' .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the goal of these programs is to help students that are interested in a certain career .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
stores selling these NNS know this and will gauge your interest before showing the goods .	0	4	VBP	know	knows	4
the number one thing i intend to use is the ability to delete articles for speedy NNS .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
the entire district , however , is wider still , following the NNP custom of including some mountains and some beaches in every district .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
a trailer released in may 2009 depicts a young boy travelling with a large JJ creature , supposedly carrying on the companion theme of the series .	1	6	VBZ	depicts	depict	5
however , always the best thing to do to prevent edit warring is to discuss the topic on the article 's talk page .	5	12	VBZ	is	are	7
the term `` NNP '' therefore means `` those in `` or `` those in the desert '' .	1	6	VBZ	means	mean	5
the NNS , worn with matching NNS , cover the dancers faces to hide them from the NN of the god they hope to VB .	1	8	VBP	cover	covers	7
NNP syndrome ( also known as `` NNP syndrome '' ) is a JJ condition characterized by tiny white NNS on the trunk with confluence within NNS .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
monastery of the holy spirit ( NNP monastery ) is a female eastern orthodox monastery in NNP , belarus .	0	9	VBZ	is	are	9
NNS ' response , of course , completely VBZ the point that he RB and deliberately uses wp as a NN .	2	8	VBZ	misses	miss	6
all the NNS are locked and watched , but when a man who had been taking a public tour of the place demands from a guard the return of an umbrella he left behind , lucky VBZ the papers and an JJ note inside the rolled up umbrella .	11	22	VBZ	demands	demand	11
omar NNP 's son , NNP NNP is a filmmaker and has led NNP study groups .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the members of the NN list are wikipedia editors , all of whom are directly or RB involved in the eastern european topic area .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
fair use in the blood of a NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
surely this should be enough for wikipedia to see the NN of my request , and , indeed , with no NN intended , that the book , the nature of information , belongs on the wikipedia article on information .	26	33	VBZ	belongs	belong	7
firstly , the mathematical and JJ nature of the construction is an image of the JJ universe , in which an underlying NN and logic can be perceived .	6	10	VBZ	is	are	4
the number of JJ NNS depends on the execution order ( VBG ) of processes .	1	5	VBZ	depends	depend	4
in case of JJ entries one ( the better ) tends to grow and the other tends remain JJ and of JJR quality .	1	10	VBZ	tends	tend	9
the focus of the museum is the preservation and interpretation of its collection of artifacts , photographs , library archives and materials which relate principally to the maritime history of california 's north coast .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the same distinction between NNS and extensions is in use by other web NNS , such as microsoft internet explorer , where a typical extension might be a new NN , and a JJ might VB a video player on the page .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the arabic word for JJ religion is islam .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the pr woman for pink NN uses the term and it is in common usage to refer to meat industry waste NNS .	2	6	VBZ	uses	use	4
VBG subsidiary , which is still based here , is now a brand of applied energy products ltd .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the dry season which runs from december through april , generally sees RB JJR temperatures than the remainder of the year .	2	11	VBZ	sees	see	9
the next problem in the NNS of cloud computing is the problem of legal ownership of the data .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
keep google book search and scholar search shows this is a real thing , which people who know this industry do talk about .	3	7	VBZ	shows	show	4
individuals of both NNS are dark brown or VB black , with the guard VBZ on the back of the neck being JJ or light tan .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
the former prime minister of finland NNP NNP lives in NNP .	3	8	VBZ	lives	live	5
the JJ region currently defined by the commission includes CD counties in 13 states , including 29 counties in north carolina .	2	8	VBZ	includes	include	6
the recently discovered inscription mentioning NNP as queen in year 16 , shows that the NNP period may yet have secrets and NNS to VB .	3	12	VBZ	shows	show	9
northern ireland and the troubles , highways , abortion , NNP NNP , macedonia , NNP conflict , etc , then we have problems more significant than if an article on some video game includes enough negative comments .	29	34	VBZ	includes	include	5
life in a day is the debut studio album by simple minds , released in 1979 .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
the most well known example of this confusion is when historic coral way being NNP 3rd avenue , makes a 45 degree turn onto NNP 22nd street as it crosses over NNP 12th avenue .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
furthermore , your comments , NNP , constitute a personal attack and i request you remove your previous comment accordingly .	3	7	VBP	constitute	constitutes	4
NNP article and change the text so that it is the current chosen article , if the template ( which is very important because it 's part of other more JJ templates ) is up to date , this task has already been done .	17	33	VBZ	is	are	16
servers for the open source game NNP often use names ending in .	0	8	VBP	use	uses	8
one argument , which seems completely JJ , is that other animals ca n't feel pain .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
his horizontal speed when he launched from the NN is as fast or faster than when he ran .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
similarly , persecution of jews by muslims has a very long history well before the existence of the modern state of israel .	2	7	VBZ	has	have	5
the fine NNS that cover the animal are mostly JJ and black on the legs , and largely orange or white on the body .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
please note that in india it is medical colleges and it is never referred to as `` school '' .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
then mill the NN and chips ( the NN or NN VBZ the NN , JJ meal and NN ) by means of a plate mill or a hammer mill or RB a roller mill .	1	11	VBZ	separates	separate	10
the defending winner of the event is kevin NNP , after winning it in 2013 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
fashion and beauty blogs focus on the values of looking a certain way , or what society VBZ as `` JJ .	4	17	VBZ	deems	deem	13
the composition of the JJ matrix determines the physical properties of JJ NNS .	1	6	VBZ	determines	determine	5
exactly the same NNS i got when i read it the first time .	3	8	VBP	read	reads	5
names VBN by an NN are legendary or JJ figures in the lineage ; while their involvement in the lineage is accepted by most of the major schools , it is not independently verifiable from known historical records .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
fruit bodies of NNP NNS have no distinct NN , and a mild to slightly JJ taste .	1	5	VBP	have	has	4
we 've discussed it before and repeatedly concluded that such messages while possibly silly are n't worth fighting over .	10	14	VBP	are	is	4
NNS ' son -- daniel , aka NNP NNP -- is also a college football coach .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
general information on government programs and NNS NNP provides general information on government programs and services , which is available by phone or at one of services NNP offices .	1	8	VBZ	provides	provide	7
he then had the castle built in the classic norman style , the keep of which still stands .	13	17	VBZ	stands	stand	4
legislative acts and contracts sometimes use `` shall '' and `` shall not '' to express mandatory action and prohibition .	1	5	VBP	use	uses	4
the height of the monument is of which the statue .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
a couple of sources , neither of which is primarily about this student newspaper .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
perhaps the JJS RB specific NN cloud in the world is the morning glory , a rolling JJ cloud that appears RB over the gulf of NNP in northern australia .	6	10	VBZ	is	are	4
the competition at the collegiate level is mainly between NNP organizations and , to a lesser degree , residence halls .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the scene where NNP crashes through a window to attack NNP is similar to the scene where NNP attacked NNP in the NNP identity .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
while students in the honors classes learn the same material at the same pace , it creates a better learning system to have students of the same level together .	1	6	VBP	learn	learns	5
additionally , the NN of running with the disc and generally more JJ operations of play than most team sports makes the game more fun and accessible to players of varied abilities than traditional ultimate .	3	20	VBZ	makes	make	17
companies that own and operate NNS and distribution centers in the NNP valley include amazon .	0	13	VBP	include	includes	13
the main features of the dance are the NN and NN of the NNS , with high NN and NN , JJ body movements .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
part of this argument is that a successful NN of mental processes has yet to be developed .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
the song `` the new ground - isle of hope , isle of tears '' , on the 2010 album songs from the heart by the group celtic woman , is about annie moore and ellis island .	1	30	VBZ	is	are	29
when the flow out of both sides is equal , the reed is level .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the events of this period in rome are unfortunately only known to us through the insufficient notices , and we are barely aware of the rise of NNP vii before we hear of his NN .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
the mission objective of the NNPS is to defend the four NNS from attack by the NNPS .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the activities of clubs at the amateur level are JJ by the scottish amateur football association .	1	8	VBP	are	is	7
the hotel portion of the complex still operates as a NN .	2	7	VBZ	operates	operate	5
there is a public NN to ensure that every citizen of the borough has the chance to attend this prestigious event .	9	13	VBZ	has	have	4
in languages of mixed NNS , the language of the mother usually provides the JJ system , while the language of the father provides the NN .	19	23	VBZ	provides	provide	4
the link you 're looking for is at miami orange bowl .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the original village site of the NNP people is the NNP island indian reserve 9 on the island of the same name in the NNP islands in NNP bay , which is named for the people , whose name means `` people of NNP '' .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
even today in the 21st century , people in some countries still have the stupid idea that having a baby girl as a first born is a NN and let the baby die .	7	12	VBP	have	has	5
the JJ NN areas for the JJ bird are de facto protected from humans by their JJ cliff location .	3	8	VBP	are	is	5
the NNS are more elaborate and a significant feature of the cuisine is a vast array of NNS based on milk and sugar as part of tradition .	8	12	VBZ	is	are	4
the shape of the building resembles an old NN ship .	1	5	VBZ	resembles	resemble	4
the NN , however , takes this NN into consideration , and takes the quality of the goods to be uncertain .	1	5	VBZ	takes	take	4
NNP NNP - as well as the core networks the NNP NNP now have their own NNP command and control information system ( NNP NNP ) to provide a battle management system and office NN .	8	13	VBP	have	has	5
the resolution of an NN means finding what it is referring to .	1	5	VBZ	means	mean	4
the keeper of the NN rainbow crystal , he is a RB cat NN NN as the cat NNP butler , who had a thing for NNP , even in JJ form .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
while some people like me , use a variety of means to ensure gender neutral language , some people do n't and prefer to use gender specific NNS when they regard them as the NN ( there 's even a NN about it ) .	2	6	VBP	use	uses	4
thus , the creation of a NNP NN certification has no link with the scientific value of the NN on which i focus in the article .	3	9	VBZ	has	have	6
anyway , my view on this whole thing is that NNP should be dissolved .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
the suggestion of a hollow NN seems somewhat unlikely .	1	6	VBZ	seems	seem	5
the fact that NNP real was able to adopt this style is somewhat remarkable despite growing interest in spanish and JJ culture .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
the centre of NNP ( high street , mill street and castle street ) is a JJ traffic system and there are car parks at broadway and cold bath road .	1	14	VBZ	is	are	13
these sheets are rolled at specific and JJ ( `` JJ '' ) angles , and the combination of the rolling angle and radius decides the NN properties ; for example , whether the individual NN shell is a metal or NN .	17	24	VBZ	decides	decide	7
the goal of the society is to enforce , develop and support iranian studies in all subject areas of this field , in particular NN and linguistics .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the JJ goal of the cold fusion community is to obtain serious consideration of their various approaches and ideas .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
on the other hand , materials with low thermal NN , such as NN and NN , are use in building construction or in NNS in an effort to slow the flow of heat , i .	5	17	VBP	are	is	12
this point of view of NNS is now evident .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
late in the 1960s , NNP even formed the nucleus of a national tv network , adding to tv NNP , which led in audience in so paulo and he acquired in 1967 , three other stations in rio de janeiro , NNP NNP and rio grande do NNP .	36	47	VBP	do	does	11
the set of integral cycles is a NN of the integral edge space .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
improved understanding of the multiple features of the upper motor NN syndrome supports more JJ assessment , and improved treatment planning .	1	12	VBZ	supports	support	11
influences of the NNP and NNP languages are present , while NNP and NNP are closely related languages .	0	7	VBP	are	is	7
battle of cross keys - confederate forces under general NNP jackson save the army of northern virginia from a union assault on the james peninsula led by general george NNP .	6	11	VBP	save	saves	5
fair use rationale for NNP NNP image is subject to copyright .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
later , using data from many NN ( not just JJ dna ) VBD that the NNP border region near the atlantic ocean is likely to be near the geographical point of origin of modern human genetic diversity .	18	23	VBZ	is	are	5
a letter from NNP to his wife likely places the date of composition in february .	1	8	VBZ	places	place	7
it is only at this stage ( of deciding the marketing objectives ) that the active part of the marketing planning process begins .	16	22	VBZ	begins	begin	6
any mistakes identified in the evidence are consistent with an occasional good faith oversight , or an honest mistake .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
the children and their mothers live at these centers for an average of five weeks .	1	5	VBP	live	lives	4
detailed discussion of this model in ( powers 2008 ) includes both source and JJ code , with which the reader can verify how well this simple program NNS real behavior .	1	10	VBZ	includes	include	9
brown 's novel the NNP incident ( NNP , 1970 ) describes a worldwide free knowledge base similar to the internet .	2	11	VBZ	describes	describe	9
a person who is a promotions director and adding this type of material , after previous blocks , appears to indeed warrant it .	1	18	VBZ	appears	appear	17
she can create nearly JJ blue force fields that are difficult to VB , however strong characters like black NNP are able to destroy them .	16	20	VBP	are	is	4
the text i want to add is here , and the section i want to add it to is here .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
a quick search engine test does not show anything different to VB that the three characters , either alone or in group , deserve a JJ article .	15	23	VBP	deserve	deserves	8
another film centered around an alternative lifestyle , and could generally be assumed to be viewed by the same lgbt community , a home at the end of the world , has 4 , CD JJ ratings at the internet movie database .	23	31	VBZ	has	have	8
if both players are at this level , a JJ variant of the rules permits one to move both neutral pieces after moving .	10	14	VBZ	permits	permit	4
the structure of production in the region reflects the transformation of the economy from agriculture to industry and services .	1	7	VBZ	reflects	reflect	6
the long JJ NN of NNP NN is of disputed status .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
at CD each evening , local news is available to each NN `` NNP live '' and `` NNP live '' the frequencies 96 .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
even though the locations of the legendary pokmon are different , team NNP still makes the mistake of taking the blue NN to NNP , while team NNP still makes the mistake of taking the red NN to NNP .	3	8	VBP	are	is	5
VBN elementary schools serving sections of NNP include shirley t .	2	7	VBP	include	includes	5
it has also been suggested that the character of NNP in anton NNP 's play the three sisters is a dedicated NNP .	7	18	VBZ	is	are	11
the genes associated with these diseases like NN , NN 1 , NNP ( NN associated protein NN ) and NN are also often associated with NN in the brain and its modification .	1	21	VBP	are	is	20
the general attitude toward the fairy doors is that of NN and JJ NN .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
a tale that can be referenced by several articles is most useful .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
this important discussion about NN links continues at the foundation NN list .	2	6	VBZ	continues	continue	4
the JJ model of the last revision comes with 64 NNP of video memory instead .	2	7	VBZ	comes	come	5
models of signals ( such as threat displays ) without any VBG costs show that conventional NN may be RB stable in biological communication .	0	13	VBP	show	shows	13
members of movements such as NNP NNP , who view the NN use of hebrew as a form of NNP , use JJ almost exclusively .	0	21	VBP	use	uses	21
google hits , most of which are for pages that point to one blog .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
the addition of the NNP link is imo seriously problematic ; there 's no real link between these gang rape articles and that article where the main issue was VBG for NN , apart from the religion of the NNS .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
most other values in the series , by contrast , are rare , especially the higher NNS , and for this reason as well the issue is held in NN by many collectors .	2	10	VBP	are	is	8
individual humans , their societies and their cultures are intermediate level NNS , created by the interaction of forces working upon us both JJ and NN .	1	8	VBP	are	is	7
the class with the most points overall wins the silver cup .	1	7	VBZ	wins	win	6
all NNS in the custom range are fully JJ from finishes to NNS to VB design .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
the list of world JJ coins currently contains one ( 1 ) coin of nepal .	1	7	VBZ	contains	contain	6
however , the concept of b movie essentially is .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
in western germany the child of an academic is 7 .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
settlement in the area dates back to the NNP period .	0	4	VBZ	dates	date	4
a major town on the river is NNP NNP , the capital of NNP NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the type of JJ they are working with has all the properties of the strict JJ , and only the strict JJ .	1	8	VBZ	has	have	7
branches of all major banks are present in NNP and there are numerous NNP as well .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
the JJ and JJ sounds of a speaker driver appear out of phase from each other because they are generated through opposite motion of the NN and because they travel different paths before VBG at the NN 's position .	4	9	VBP	appear	appears	5
the idea of conducting an experimental evaluation of the effects , as in the original announcement of a JJ trial beginning november 9 , now seems to be in NN .	1	25	VBZ	seems	seem	24
one of the results of this interview policy being that some facts and dates regarding his earlier life are less readily available .	11	18	VBP	are	is	7
its people ( NNP ) appear in the NNP war under NNP , in close alliance with the NNPS , with whose name their own is often VBN , especially by the roman poets .	1	5	VBP	appear	appears	4
the NNP ethnic group ( also NNP , NNP , NNP , ho , NNP NNP ) VBZ the mountainous regions of northern vietnam , mainly NNP an province southwest of NNP .	3	17	VBZ	inhabits	inhabit	14
the village 's church , dedicated to saint NNP , dates to 1870 .	3	10	VBZ	dates	date	7
he said NNP NNP 's rules of behavior sometimes include violent crimes .	5	9	VBP	include	includes	4
four games into the 1989 season , jimmy johnson , then head coach of the dallas cowboys , came up with the idea to trade walker while on a morning NN with his staff .	1	11	VBP	head	heads	10
most metropolitan areas of the united states and canada are home to at least one alternative paper .	2	9	VBP	are	is	7
the idea that the middle ages was a `` middle '' phase between two other large scale VBG concepts , ancient and modern , still VBZ .	1	25	VBZ	persists	persist	24
her career high singles ranking is no .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP 's size and low profile makes it a difficult structure to study RB , as much of the volcano 's relief is JJ in orbital photographs .	2	6	VBZ	makes	make	4
the most common type of planted tree species in the island is NNP , also known as NNP , which has fast growing roots holding the sandy land .	3	11	VBZ	is	are	8
as far as we can VB , the sole purpose of human existence is to VB a light of meaning in the darkness of mere being .	9	13	VBZ	is	are	4
the main or front section of the building features JJ towers at the northeast corner and beyond the JJS bay of the west elevation .	4	8	VBZ	features	feature	4
many similar NNS to the NNP are also in current production .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
however , i will say that all aspects of human development , both good and bad , are JJ without the development in modes of thought , whether this be logic , NN , NNS or NNS .	7	17	VBP	are	is	10
clay NNS are the most common type of ammunition and clay is sometimes added under the sight when the diameter of the NN is too thin for more stability and a better aim .	19	23	VBZ	is	are	4
each weapon , from machine gun to CD , has a different sound , NN and ammunition types .	1	9	VBZ	has	have	8
however , seeds with the JJ NN removed are mostly safe to handle .	2	8	VBP	are	is	6
after the time trial , the fastest 32 NNS ( fastest 16 if not 32 competitors ) compete in a knockout ( NNP ) VBP series in rounds of four .	8	17	VBP	compete	competes	9
the tree VBG the NN stands JJ , reaching heights 40 to 50 feet ( 12 to 15 m ) from the ground , distinguished by a short NN trunk that is about 3 feet ( 0 .	1	5	VBZ	stands	stand	4
all versions and episodes of double NNP still exist and have been seen on nick gas , including one episode of the fox version of family double NNP .	1	8	VBP	exist	exists	7
since the template is a JJ template , the only logical place it could be VBN is to the next higher JJ category on the hierarchy , that is , .	11	16	VBZ	is	are	5
other species in this NN include h .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
the parent body , probably a JJ NN , is unknown .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
some birds , particularly young ones , are difficult to VB to species .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
the total length of the NN is while the NNS are long .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
this section of the highway passes through brown and NNP counties .	1	5	VBZ	passes	pass	4
the egg mass released by the female contains between seven and 30 eggs , and is roughly the consistency of a thick NN NN .	2	7	VBZ	contains	contain	5
the distance between falling water NNP and NNP falls is less than a mile .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
in a NN , a soldier ( NNP NNP ) watches as an NN shaped vessel NNS from above , carrying rows of JJ statues .	5	10	VBZ	watches	watch	5
one argument against such a policy is that it would VB the poor , who could not afford to spend much money on police .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
as she is taken to have the last of her memories VBD , a mysterious man called edge , leader of the NNS and a man she only VBZ over her JJ device , helps her escape .	15	34	VBZ	helps	help	19
not every published author or scholar with a phd is notable .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
the fourth source you refer to ( 50 influential blogs et al ) is a dead link , NNP .	2	13	VBZ	is	are	11
though this request is not about that drama specifically , it is about your conduct in the topic area in general ; this incident , though a bit old , is recent enough to demonstrate a pattern of problematic behaviour on your part .	23	30	VBZ	is	are	7
NNP borders it to the south , and both NNS and NNP border it to the east .	1	12	VBP	border	borders	11
after all , any excuse to VB the result VBG change will serve their position for retaining the status NN , so the motivation for NN in favor of NN is strong .	23	30	VBZ	is	are	7
the architectural descriptions within the novel tend to break up some of the aspects of the plot , but they serve to show how the tower has changed over time .	2	6	VBP	tend	tends	4
the song `` a flower in the desert '' is a JJ version of `` flowers in the forest '' originally recorded by NNP 's earlier group the southern death cult .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the entire universe inside NNP NNP where members of the NNP race , NNP , NNP and other kinds JJ encyclopedia , NNP , 2007 ( for more information on the different species go to list of characters in NNP ) .	7	33	VBP	go	goes	26
according to buddhism in south asia ; `` the only two JJ nations in south asia are sri lanka and NNP .	12	16	VBP	are	is	4
this sort of JJ JJ JJ attitude appears to be their only means of responding to differing editorial opinions .	1	7	VBZ	appears	appear	6
NNP 's old ground at the village recreation ground remains in use today for local league football and is also used by the village cricket club .	3	9	VBZ	remains	remain	6
another book , a presidency in NNP by robert NNP , says that in spring 2009 NNP and chief economic adviser larry summers believed that they could not VB , VB , and break up NNP because they lacked the legal authority or the tools to do so .	1	11	VBZ	says	say	10
NNP cells ( from the greek NN , hard ) are hard and tough cells with a function in mechanical support .	1	10	VBP	are	is	9
the lack of descriptions of war simulation games is the biggest hole in our article on board games .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the purpose of increasing inventory turns is to reduce inventory for three reasons .	1	5	VBZ	turns	turn	4
i think by now we know what a representative , parliamentary democracy is .	8	12	VBZ	is	are	4
that particular chapter said all the major scientific institutions in the us with a bearing on the subject agree that climate change is due to human action .	8	18	VBP	agree	agrees	10
in operation , the JJ differences between the model CD and the model CD are the model CD 's lower NN to induced noise , and a delay between operation of the speed control and the actual change in speed .	5	14	VBP	are	is	9
his only edits not directly related to the NNP dig group are a few minor changes to NNP NNP .	2	11	VBP	are	is	9
the main event of the cow NNP is the NN involving 2 , 000 squares and a cow 's pick as to where she will VB herself .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the most extensive treatment of NNP NNP , including the collected fragments , is that of the italian scholar p .	3	13	VBZ	is	are	10
the origin of the woman calling herself NNP is still unknown .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
unless VBN , a treaty VBN by the NNP nacional remains in force for portugal .	4	10	VBZ	remains	remain	6
in 1955 , the military occupation of west germany ends .	5	9	VBZ	ends	end	4
the link to the place where people can roll money in is as important as all the other links put together .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
the ground colour of the NNS varies from orange brown to VBN brown .	2	6	VBZ	varies	vary	4
the discussion on the talk page is n't any more JJ either .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the 1999 film , much like the 1988 one , also gives the impression that during the duel sequence NNP deliberately shoots to kill .	2	11	VBZ	gives	give	9
williams ' CD total yards , the team 's CD total yards , and the team 's CD JJ yards all set new team records .	4	21	VBP	set	sets	17
as of 2011 , the JJ branch of what was the NNP NNP company continues to produce NNS and associated parts .	6	14	VBZ	continues	continue	8
all league champions within the NNP league system have the right for direct promotion .	2	8	VBP	have	has	6
support - this even covers the optional criteria for NNP of having the same layout between articles , well done .	0	4	VBZ	covers	cover	4
the anon above that 's posting JJ posts is n't her , so NNP 's ( one of the NN blocking admins ) comment that he 'll block her till NNP should n't apply .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
his style , which was praised even at the publication of `` nathan NNP '' , is often light and JJ .	1	16	VBZ	is	are	15
the news VBZ the balance in the evans household , and his relationship with barry severely suffers as he is devastated to learn that his father was JJ to his dead mother .	12	16	VBZ	suffers	suffer	4
the topic of welfare commonly NNS during conversations and one example of this is when NNP and NNP are on their first date and NNP makes a comment about NNP , her children , and welfare .	1	13	VBZ	is	are	12
the design of the flag has three horizontal stripes of yellow , green and red with a JJ white star in the middle .	1	5	VBZ	has	have	4
the intersection lists in the NNS are actually somewhat redundant , given that we have a full table further down where i think the use of the shields could be more easily defended .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the function of this protein is unknown .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the player with the lowest score wins the JJ pot to that point , with tied sets of rounds VBG through a subset of rounds .	1	6	VBZ	wins	win	5
a version recorded by the actor NNP miller varies slightly from the book .	1	8	VBZ	varies	vary	7
route CD , the only highway through the breaks area , crosses the river some 20 miles downstream on the fred robinson bridge .	0	11	VBZ	crosses	cross	11
the `` RB variable '' portion of the NNP is what makes it stand out as a serious evolutionary step in the world of NNP .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
examples of NNS that use this mechanism are NNP JJ virus ( NNP ) and NNP spotted JJ virus ( NNP ) .	0	7	VBP	are	is	7
the current entrance to the theater is the former alley entrance , replacing the original entrance on washington street , which was converted into retail space .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the most severe punishment by juvenile court is imprisonment till the age of 20 .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the official colors of the NNP are grey , black and white .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the fact that the subject of the article does not continue to use the title is enough evidence to prove that he does not wish to use it .	1	15	VBZ	is	are	14
this type of burn bed is similar in construction to a typical water bed , except the surface covering of the water pool has a large amount of NN and extra NNS of material around the NN of the pool .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
you would never be able to tell that more than half of the cd is all JJ , JJ moments .	10	14	VBZ	is	are	4
a company CD NNP ( forward support battalion ) resides in NNP , louisiana .	1	9	VBZ	resides	reside	8
the head of the supreme people 's court of vietnam is chief justice .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
the mission of the undergraduate film and television program is to VB NNS in the art , craft , and technology of film , television , animation , and sound production .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
these points , while earned and spent like currency , are not the same thing as the virtual currency provided by the game company for the virtual world .	1	10	VBP	are	is	9
the NN store 's mascot , NNP NNP , appears and uses his NN to silence the NN and stops chief NNP from shooting the NN .	4	9	VBZ	appears	appear	5
perhaps the first formal record of such creatures called `` FW '' or `` NNS '' comes from CD , when pedro NNP de len reported NNS from natives and from one spanish NN .	4	16	VBZ	comes	come	12
in the formal croatian order of NN used in ceremonial matters , the position of prime minister is the third most important croatian state office , behind the president of the republic and the president of parliament .	13	17	VBZ	is	are	4
the license on this image is false .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the modern administrative subdivision into five wards follows the boundaries of the traditional quarters in the outer areas .	3	7	VBZ	follows	follow	4
one way to code all NNS is to set up a NN , mapping NNS ( 0 , 1 , NNP , 2 , NNP , 3 , NNP , .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
another VBG feature of indian hospitals is that women are mostly employed as NNS , VBG NNS , and admission NNS .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the creation of any article goes to boost search results .	1	5	VBZ	goes	go	4
the player who first reaches 0 points or less wins the game .	1	9	VBZ	wins	win	8
an inscription on the central face of the NNP NNP demonstrates NNP 's religious NN , it is a message from jesus VBG his followers not to consider this world as their permanent home .	1	10	VBZ	demonstrates	demonstrate	9
the chorus of the song begins with the lyrics VBZ the NNS are showing after all this time ' .	1	5	VBZ	begins	begin	4
the article as titled and constructed is totally JJ and seems to have a pov pushing agenda .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
as in NNP , the JJ plate , the JJ front portion of the NN bone , is JJ and produced into a JJ process at the JJ margin .	6	17	VBZ	is	are	11
the problem of finding a NNP NN of a given group is an important problem in JJ group theory .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
her NN names her NNP , while an 1858 history written using family information calls her frances NNP , relating that her father was a british colonel killed in the french and indian war .	9	14	VBZ	calls	call	5
the system , which is a project of the workers ' activities program at the NNP training centre , also provides email and educational computer VBG services for NNS .	1	20	VBZ	provides	provide	19
panels 37 and 43 are not on display as part of the NN for lack of space .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
NNP NNP , NN on NNP NNS , and NNP NNP , NNS ; the second part of the latter is in the possession of NNP NNP NNP in jerusalem .	16	20	VBZ	is	are	4
famous players during the successful era include NNP NNP , NNP NNP , anna NNP and NNP NNP .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
his gender is easily changed through means not under his control , so a costume which works on one gender often suddenly and RB becomes inappropriate NN .	14	24	VBZ	becomes	become	10
many descendants of the tribe still live in their original homeland , in the kingdom of saudi arabia , but smaller numbers of the tribe live in some other countries , such as palestine , iraq , NNP , NNP and jordan .	1	6	VBP	live	lives	5
oppose an arrest in this context is not front page material .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
notable battles involving vandal forces within the NNP army include the battle of NNP ( CD ) and the battle of NNP ( CD ) .	1	9	VBP	include	includes	8
a JJ community ( also referred to as closed or JJ ) is one where the species within the community are JJ on each other for keeping balance and stability of the system .	16	20	VBP	are	is	4
a separate published report on the safety and NNS of NN in human clinical studies VBZ that it has encouraging NN activity across a broad range of cancer types .	3	15	VBZ	concludes	conclude	12
the western edge of this plateau country forms an NN along the eastern side of the jordan NNP sea depression and its continuation south of the dead sea .	2	7	VBZ	forms	form	5
major streets in the city centre core are , new street .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
i would like to add that the space between NNS of matter in space is not quite a vacuum .	7	14	VBZ	is	are	7
i see what you mean , although i believe the differences between the different notes are more subtle and more significant than just the color of the treasury seal .	10	15	VBP	are	is	5
part of the fun there is that in reality the JJ NN is far more sophisticated than the JJ simple thing ' that NNP VBZ it is , especially in its NN of roman NN at the height of its power .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
whilst both these companies have been VBN by other groups , their respective NNS in NNP and NNP both still have local operations .	13	20	VBP	have	has	7
his contributions as an editor are excellent .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
some associates within the NNP group are NNP international , NNP brown international , research international , the added value group , NNP media research and NNP international .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
the southern portion of the wilderness contains species from the NNP desert ( nevada ) , JJ and joshua trees .	2	6	VBZ	contains	contain	4
NNP NN NN comes into play where an accident of unknown cause is one that would not normally happen without NN on the part of the defendant in control of the object or activity which injured the NN or damaged his property .	8	12	VBZ	is	are	4
support for art education , however , varies greatly between communities and between schools in various cultures .	0	7	VBZ	varies	vary	7
reasons provided for the NNS are the same as those used in the by country NN , as well as now reasons regarding consistency .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
NNP format , the sony NNP looks like a compact camera with a NN lens , but has a larger sensor ; its NNP sensor is the same size as that of most ( amateur ) NNP .	1	6	VBZ	looks	look	5
i 'm concerned that an article that is supposed to be about the NN it is more or less dominated by what its NN think .	5	15	VBZ	is	are	10
a hybrid electric vehicle ( NNP ) is a type of hybrid vehicle and electric vehicle which combines a conventional internal NN engine ( ice ) NN system with an electric NN system .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
a distribution of power that prevents any one actor from VBG the rest is what he sees as the great insight of the NNP papers , an insight that remains fully applicable to international relations , despite changes in technology , NNS , and economic ties .	1	13	VBZ	is	are	12
my objection to using such things as a reference is that they are third party vanity .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the special collections department of the university of miami library holds 35 boxes of the papers of henry field relating to the `` m '' project and several archaeology expeditions .	3	10	VBZ	holds	hold	7
NNP forest incident - if someone wants to put in a more JJ NN then i guess that would be VBN .	2	6	VBZ	wants	want	4
sales ranks for his books at amazon seem to be well over 1 , 000 , 000 .	1	7	VBP	seem	seems	6
works of this JJ period include the ring ( ca .	0	5	VBP	include	includes	5
another source of political violence of this era stems from the NNP prison camp .	1	8	VBZ	stems	stem	7
like the north NNP - imperial valley line , the section of this power line east of the colorado river is path 21 .	10	20	VBZ	is	are	10
a feature of JJ memory that VBG later NNS on is that it allows an agent to travel back in time .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
in many VBP grandfather NNS , the bearing for the NNP is JJ .	7	11	VBZ	is	are	4
derived from a digital capture of the game discussed in this article ( creator of this digital version is irrelevant as the copyright in all equivalent images is still held by the same party ) .	13	18	VBZ	is	are	5
the opening now always spoken of as the NNS of NNP ' is very small in the healthy brain , but when water on the brain is present may be as large as a NN .	22	26	VBZ	is	are	4
the artwork by joe NNP and james madison , NNP tribal NNS indicates the significance of this site to many tribes , especially the NNP tribes of NNP county .	1	12	VBZ	indicates	indicate	11
this would be a claim that some things ( basic beliefs ) are true in and of themselves .	7	12	VBP	are	is	5
the problem with NNP for this is that this is a seven day debate .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the east end of the indianapolis subdivision is at the end of a branch of the cincinnati terminal subdivision , near the south end of the toledo subdivision .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
another interstate road , NNP , is currently under construction .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the author , however , shows little power of NN ; his work , although clear , is JJ , and is strongly VBN with the NN of its century , the most JJ in french history .	12	17	VBZ	is	are	5
NNS also differ from NNS in that they are physicians and only their NN training ( usually 3 to 4 years ) is in NN , and their graduate medical training is identical to all other physicians .	14	22	VBZ	is	are	8
the name of the band comes from the book in NNP sugar by richard NNP .	1	5	VBZ	comes	come	4
a common problem , when dealing with living people , especially the `` barely notable '' is the `` rough '' language often seen in afd , and surrounding discussions .	2	16	VBZ	is	are	14
the parish church , dedicated to st peter and st paul , has a JJ foundation , but was rebuilt by the NNP family out of granite from NNP in CD and was restored in 1872 .	2	12	VBZ	has	have	10
the state of new hampshire is also part of the boston television market .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
model horses or toy horses are scale NN of real horses and are highly JJ .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
other awards that the newspaper has won in the past include best local news coverage and best editorial page .	1	10	VBP	include	includes	9
the only other form of fish closely related to NNP is the rio NNP , which also occurs in arizona .	3	10	VBZ	is	are	7
other lines that may be VBN are the JJ , JJ , JJ and JJ .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
the reason for this extra day is due to NN of the ancient jewish NNS .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
columns with JJ capitals line the wall , some of which are clearly of roman origin .	0	11	VBP	are	is	11
the capacity of the arena is 4 , 000 people .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
what matters , as far as writing the article on passive smoking is what the experts and public health authorities think .	15	20	VBP	think	thinks	5
the goal of the single player game is to collect all of the NNS in a level , while destroying or avoiding enemies , ultimately reaching the exit .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
a balloon ( aircraft ) also , requires the action of gravity on gases in order to obtain its NN .	1	7	VBZ	requires	require	6
the source of the river is monte NNP in central san NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the side with more NNP moves first , so by VBG the previous season , a player may gain a `` JJ '' and make two consecutive moves , possibly allowing a JJ offensive .	1	5	VBZ	moves	move	4
NNS who work in iraq on reconstruction projects are the frequent target of JJ attack .	0	8	VBP	are	is	8
the fifth film of the american NNP film series is american NNP presents the naked mile .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
as its stands many characters in this series are exclusive to it though some could be VBN and put in the series article .	4	8	VBP	are	is	4
the two sides facing the streets have NN in stone and NN NN .	2	6	VBP	have	has	4
NNP and NNP post , english translations of NNP and NNP , 5 NNP tv interviews , and a NNP interview [ see the list of references on the peter joseph article for details ] ) .	6	22	VBP	see	sees	16
the president of the `` JJ church '' dan NNP switched to using a natural NN called NNP in 2005 , but again the actual practice amongst the rest of the church is not clear .	25	32	VBZ	is	are	7
comment - this actually brings up a pretty complicated issue .	0	4	VBZ	brings	bring	4
for example , the third paragraph of the early life section has three successive cites to [ 4 ] .	5	11	VBZ	has	have	6
a sign in the loading area gives most of the history of the NNP , and notes that the JJ area for the NN line uses much of the original metal NN from the old cyclone .	20	25	VBZ	uses	use	5
the mountains on the southern side are the NNP alps and the NNP alps .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
fellow of the american college of healthcare executives ( NNP ) is a professional certification sponsored by the american college of healthcare executives ( NNP ) , which is headquartered in chicago , illinois .	0	11	VBZ	is	are	11
the 3 tracks of the single are also available for download as a for mobile phones in japan .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the article in chief about the knights NNP contains very brief mentions in passing about the significance of the knights to fairly important NNS such as NNP , NNP 's NNP , and the da NNP code .	1	8	VBZ	contains	contain	7
the article as it currently stands mentions a manuscript , but does not cite any references whatsoever .	1	5	VBZ	stands	stand	4
neutral - i feel that overall his skills as an editor are excellent .	7	11	VBP	are	is	4
the most widely accepted theory of how the name changed to key west is that it is a JJ NN of the word , on the ground that the word NN ) sounds like `` west '' in english .	4	13	VBZ	is	are	9
the buildings within the district consist primarily of two and JJ NNS with high NNS , with a few multiple NNS and institutional structures .	1	5	VBP	consist	consists	4
electrical goods , cotton , chemicals and flour NN are the main source of economy .	1	9	VBP	are	is	8
the most JJ sport at the school is its JJ football team .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
JJ region the NNP diamond metropolitan region , which consists of the metropolitan areas of brussels , NNP , NNP , and NNP , has a total population of 5 , 103 , 000 .	6	24	VBZ	has	have	18
in addition to that , the first movement of the work contains various JJ NNS .	7	11	VBZ	contains	contain	4
its population ( NNP 2005 ) is CD .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
january CD history of gold mining in western australia dates back to the 1880s but took on some larger dimensions in the 1890s , after gold NNS at NNP in 1892 and NNP in 1893 .	2	9	VBZ	dates	date	7
the title of the redirect is a NN for `` `` ( ) , which means RP ' .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
built on a hill known as mount NNP and completed in 1806 , this VBG JJ building on duke street is the NNP archipelago 's foremost example of georgian colonial architecture .	16	20	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP , who considered himself an NN at heart , the `` mistake '' of VBG NN for NN is `` .	12	19	VBZ	is	are	7
united states environmental protection agency ( NNP ) fuel consumption estimates for all models are in the city , on the highway and combined .	10	14	VBP	are	is	4
the traditional story of the law code 's origin , VBN in the NN , is that the first latin emperor , baldwin i , based it on the NNP of jerusalem , but this is disputed .	2	15	VBZ	is	are	13
i agree with NNP , i think its especially JJ that the people wanting to restore an article on a NN are the people VBG about an abuse of process .	12	21	VBP	are	is	9
NNP NN , `` the burnt monastery '' ) or monastery of the virgin mary in NNP , egypt , is a JJ monastery near NNP .	6	20	VBZ	is	are	14
the winner of the coin NN chooses which quarter to have this power play and the other team must choose a different quarter for their power play .	1	6	VBZ	chooses	choose	5
architectural tiles made from NNP pottery by american NN mary chase perry NNP are a prominent feature in the guardian building 's facade and NN .	1	13	VBP	are	is	12
his 3rd solo album , the appropriately titled NNP blues , allows hudson to strip away the electric guitar and record an exclusively acoustic album .	3	11	VBZ	allows	allow	8
the males of most species are territorial and defend their territory against other males , but VBP females .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
my response to contentious articles is to start posting to the talk pages so some discussion can start .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
in hiv , an article currently under peer review , i feel that the way NN is used is a significant problem .	14	18	VBZ	is	are	4
studies have estimated that VBZ probably crash into jupiter once or twice per century , but the impact of NNS the size of NNP is much less common - probably no more often than once per millennium .	17	24	VBZ	is	are	7
the link below this entry is also for an online directory but is at least two years out of date .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
a search for the supposed inventor of this unit of measurement turns up merely one hit on google .	1	11	VBZ	turns	turn	10
this project , namely the NNP river restoration project is yet to be approved by the government .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
an orange bar at the top contains the text , in black writing , emergency NNP route .	2	6	VBZ	contains	contain	4
the oldest part of NNP NNP is in the shape of a NN and in later times additional houses were built nearby .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the sources should have a minimum of NN ( books , articles written by internet or pop culture experts , and software NNS are fine ) .	11	23	VBP	are	is	12
it goes to german language authors , and the annual speech by the recipient takes place in NNP .	10	14	VBZ	takes	take	4
waves of his colonists VBP for texas in the winter of 1843 and spring of 1844 .	0	4	VBP	depart	departs	4
the movement towards JJ NN is important , as wild seed is JJ to VB environmental conditions , such as toxic NN NNS , which can halt the supply of seed from that region .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP was also the birthplace of hank NNP , other auto industry plants in the municipality include NNP canada in NNP ( NNS ) , NNP in NNP ( emissions controls and NNS ) .	12	16	VBP	include	includes	4
in a market economy , hospitals and medical institutions do their own drug NN .	5	9	VBP	do	does	4
other places of religious significance are JJ temple in NNP sugar factory and NNP NNP temple near degree college .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
players , also known as fantasy team owners , select a roster of drivers to earn points according to actual race results .	0	9	VBP	select	selects	9
the 1903 article the NNP of NNP is one of the first demonstrations of moore 's commitment to analysis .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
fair use in NNP spirit ( album ) though this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
the origin of service CD goes back to 31 december 1962 when NNP corporation introduced a new NN service as an extension of existing NNS operating between NNP and NNP .	1	5	VBZ	goes	go	4
the contestant who wins the first round plays the game to win up to rs .	1	7	VBZ	plays	play	6
the stone hall of a NN has an JJ rectangular floor plan .	2	6	VBZ	has	have	4
the electron speed in a NN is slightly JJ ( comparable to but not close to the speed of light ) .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP NN station , while NNP owns and operates the russian land section of the pipeline and the turkish land section is owned and operated by the turkish energy company NNP .	2	6	VBZ	owns	own	4
a suitable condition for NN to a sample function from the process is that the JJ density of the process be zero at all frequencies equal to and above half the sample rate .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
years of service generally count in the employees favour .	0	4	VBP	count	counts	4
a letter to NNP captured , along with assistant NNP NNP , NNP , by uss forest rose on may 7 , 1865 bears an NN by her commander , lieutenant a .	1	23	VBZ	bears	bear	22
a quiet individual until a JJ issue comes up .	2	7	VBZ	comes	come	5
the JJ product of two finite NNS is finite , and the JJ product of an infinite algebra and a JJ algebra is infinite .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the occurrence of NNP in the NNP formation ( late NNP ) NNP , possibly reflects the NN record of the family in the northern JJ NNP as well as one of the latest examples ever recorded in southern NNP .	1	15	VBZ	reflects	reflect	14
nevertheless , the shores of the lakes are of significant recreational importance as they border the NNP nature reserve and contain several cliffs popular for VBG and VBG .	3	7	VBP	are	is	4
according to NNP , more than 100 parties and political organizations participate in its conferences today .	7	11	VBP	participate	participates	4
strong NN this sort of deletion causes massive broken template links and makes a NN , thus should not be done RB .	3	12	VBZ	makes	make	9
it is important to note that the rate of NN of this NN is very dependent on the season .	7	13	VBZ	is	are	6
the exception to this rule is happy , who NNP considers as his friend .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
many hollywood movies and tv shows seem to have separate french NNS for quebec and france which can be quite different in VBG names of characters and locations , etc .	2	6	VBP	seem	seems	4
the danger of the article is that it will become more about the communities than the site itself , but i believe the issues are ones of managing the content rather than deleting it .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the development of these capabilities is a continuous learning process and involves the search for solutions of JJ challenges .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
NN points out that a note from his mother VBZ the fact .	5	9	VBZ	confirms	confirm	4
finally , a man of great quality comes along , however just before he and NNP kiss , NNP calls .	3	7	VBZ	comes	come	4
it should also be mentioned here that all streams that rise south of the NNP and flow towards the southwest , eventually enter the NNP , which ultimately flows into the rhine .	8	22	VBP	enter	enters	14
a major activity of the NNP is the organization of a congress every second year in one of the major member countries .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the relationship to the ongoing story of the television series is open to interpretation .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
speedy delete and salt per csd NNP since page appears to have been put back again .	1	9	VBZ	appears	appear	8
but an edit war with the edit tool is n't good , either .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
the leading place in the art of NNP NNP takes a JJ landscape and decorative still life .	2	9	VBZ	takes	take	7
another type , JJ particles usually refers to particles of sizes ranging from atoms to molecules , such as carbon dioxide , NNS , and JJ particles .	1	6	VBZ	refers	refer	5
removal or NN of the eye is a last resort option if the eye already has become blind and JJ .	0	6	VBZ	is	are	6
the province of NNP alone contributes for more than half of the national production .	1	5	VBZ	contributes	contribute	4
all 101 seats in the oklahoma house of representatives are up for election in 2012 .	2	9	VBP	are	is	7
its facade , with two high NNS , is one of the most well-known landmarks of stone town .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
NNS of both species are JJR than the adults , and NN underneath .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
the main road through the village is the NNP , connecting NNP and NNP NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
historically some used the radius of NN ( NNP ) but this is out of favour now because it is clear that the steel loading plate of CD diameter affects the shape of the NN bowl between the centre ( NNP ) and the NNP sensor at CD .	25	29	VBZ	affects	affect	4
alan NNP radio show when alan is VBN and VBN to his childhood , and reveals he was called `` NNP alan NNP '' by NN stephen NNP - RB for NNP , NNP now has back problems and lives on disability benefits .	3	15	VBZ	reveals	reveal	12
NN 's role in preventing DT decay ( dental NNS ) is controversial .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
the list of publications still needs some VBG down and it would be good if the stub could be expanded .	1	5	VBZ	needs	need	4
groups of motor units often work together to coordinate the NNS of a single muscle ; all of the motor units within a muscle are considered a motor pool .	0	5	VBP	work	works	5
other similar NNS worn by men around the world include the greek and NNP NN ( a short VBN cotton NN ) , the pacific NN ( similar to a NN ) , some forms of japanese NN and the NNP NN .	2	9	VBP	include	includes	7
native speakers of languages other than english , who also have excellent command of english , are very useful to have on board .	1	16	VBP	are	is	15
the effect of his NNS is to have the article represent only one view ( and a minority one at that although very strongly held by some ) instead of the variety of views that actually exist .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
activities enjoyed on the mountain include hiking , VBG , bird watching NN , and other passive NNS .	0	5	VBP	include	includes	5
deleting an article because it might have pov problems is equally strange , because probably all the content in wp dealing with politics or history has pov problems .	17	25	VBZ	has	have	8
after strange NNS are detected at the NNP archipelago ( the setting of the original NNP ) , the earth federation sends their four strongest NNP force NN on a final strike mission to destroy the black NNP and its army of aliens , robots , and NNS .	11	21	VBZ	sends	send	10
the doctrine of separation , also known as the doctrine of NN , is a belief among some protestant religious groups that the members of a church should be separate from `` the world '' and not have association with those who are `` of the world '' .	1	13	VBZ	is	are	12
the current pipeline infrastructure is quite developed , with the NNP VBG that the daily delivery capacity of the grid is .	16	20	VBZ	is	are	4
the two dominant programming NNS for 3d graphics , NNP and NNP , have both incorporated half part support for the NN color space by using NN 's gamma curve .	4	13	VBP	have	has	9
although the true population of the NNP NN is unknown , the international union for conservation of nature believes that the population is declining .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
many NNP NNS , such as NNP and NNP , have this feature .	2	10	VBP	have	has	8
differing from NN of japanese archipelago in anatomy and techniques , its use and design also varies depending on JJ preferences or individual choices .	12	16	VBZ	varies	vary	4
furthermore , the google search with 100 links brings back the site in question first .	4	8	VBZ	brings	bring	4
the range and effectiveness of the NN varies with the JJ NN of the agent VBG it , and the number of persons already persuaded at the time .	1	7	VBZ	varies	vary	6
as a NN i have to ask whether `` in nature '' really adds anything .	2	13	VBZ	adds	add	11
a small JJ gold cluster whose NNP level is high enough to prevent development of the crystal is used to decrease the threshold size of JJ silver cluster that can VB the crystal NN .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
the postal code of the area is CD .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the other major character in the strip is NNP 's slightly more successful friend , dave , who works as a refuse collector , but VBZ most of his income through benefit fraud .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the NNP tongue , called by the natives NNP NNP , is a principal language in the town .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
the three main characteristics that VBP between the species of NNS are the general NNS of the leaves , the shape of the flowers , and the way the flowers open .	3	11	VBP	are	is	8
the history of origin of NNP is from NNP , a small village in NNP district .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
his wife , NNP NNP , is currently a state senator who now represents much of the same district her husband did .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
most JJ nest attempts in each breeding season are JJ NNS which appear as early as JJ april .	3	8	VBP	are	is	5
JJ computing is programming technique where a program in normal authorized interactions with another program manages to get the other program to perform NNS of a complex nature .	7	15	VBZ	manages	manage	8
prominent NNS from these regions include NNP NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP , mario NNP , NNP NNP , and NNP NNP , as well as the JJ NNP NNP .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
the veterans or NNP NNP de NNP NNP del alto NNP ( high command NNP ) carry out the most JJ black NNS .	1	16	VBP	carry	carries	15
the mission of the foundation is to fund programs that promote intellectual , ethical and leadership development .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
delete the subject may be notable , but the article in its current state does nothing to prove it .	9	14	VBZ	does	do	5
a well-known member of this JJ class , NNP , acts by VBG JJ bond formation , with recent JJ studies showing two different binding sites depending on the species of NN .	2	10	VBZ	acts	act	8
the main sources of china today are news programs previously broadcast within the day in NNP 's news channel and NNP 4 , the international service in chinese .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
one of them is NNP NNP ( played by NNP NNP ) , a NN killer and the other is NNP NNP ( played by NNP NNP ) , who appears to be a JJ and emotional NN from the northern area known as NNP NNP .	15	19	VBZ	is	are	4
one way to understand this formula is to use the fact that the NN of two NNS on the plane will give the area of the NN they form .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
artists and record labels are able to sell their music on NN through a JJ music store and a NN player that can be embedded to other websites , such as a blog .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
an independently operating financial organization , the NNP provides grants for projects related to NN , climate change , international waters , land NN , the NN layer , and persistent organic NNS .	4	8	VBZ	provides	provide	4
the documentary being filmed on the NNP railway is very reminiscent of a documentary filmed on the NNP railway .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
NNP NNP page that may well be true but is all NN .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
but the opinion among tamil scholars is that NNP 's poetry is JJ .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
any activity lasting longer than about two minutes has a large JJ JJ component .	1	8	VBZ	has	have	7
alpha readers are , by definition , the first readers other than the author 's own self , and beta readers are at the next stage .	9	21	VBP	are	is	12
his problem is that the source of the article is [ www .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
last part of the second paragraph lacks references .	1	6	VBZ	lacks	lack	5
results of JJ parliamentary election , 2008 are final and will be official on friday with little chance to change .	0	7	VBP	are	is	7
the origin of the word NN comes from the french word canton , meaning corner or district .	1	6	VBZ	comes	come	5
a special version of the NNP is the NNP NNP NNP sports car , which looks similar to the full race car for the german deutsche NNP masters racing series which has to use a normally VBN 4 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the lack of verification for the appearance of the virgin mary there ( for which claim there may well be JJ media coverage ) is not a reason to delete the factual information on the settlement .	1	24	VBZ	is	are	23
the skin of the NN is rough , like NN ; it is pale green , VBN with white , and has seven JJ white stripes on each side .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
future plans for this locomotive remain uncertain with the owner putting it up for sale .	1	5	VBP	remain	remains	4
some teachers and practitioners of traditional chinese medicine , NNP NN and martial arts say that NN can cause a VBN energy level in men .	1	14	VBP	say	says	13
the location of a NN is often an important factor in the choice among routes for glacier flow .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
signs of NN usually consist of holes in the wooden item , with live NNS showing powder ( NNS ) around the holes .	0	4	VBP	consist	consists	4
u is an JJ change in JJ internal energy u , p is the uniform pressure ( a force per unit area ) applied to the material sample of interest , and NN is the JJ change in volume that corresponds to the change in internal energy .	18	33	VBZ	is	are	15
theory and practice ( 2005 ) is an advanced text on statistical modeling that likewise VBZ a remarkable integration between extensive examples and statistical theory .	0	6	VBZ	is	are	6
the amount of stone NN in the NNP woods ' bearing IN scoring , VBZ the extent of the NN .	1	14	VBZ	illustrates	illustrate	13
along with NN , introduced species such as NNS , JJ cats , and both domestic and JJ dogs , VBP a threat to VB populations .	5	20	VBP	pose	poses	15
NNP schools , called NN , are common in japan , especially JJ english as a foreign language schools .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
the purpose of the board is TO guide the development of the royal hospital , ensuring the care and NN of the chelsea NNPS who live there and VBG the historic buildings and grounds , which it owns in trust ' .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the light of a NN VBG through the JJ design creates a decorative light pattern in the room where it sits .	1	10	VBZ	creates	create	9
the ratio of the JJ NNS to the JJ NNS of most of the planets is of such a size that they orbit the sun in JJ paths with very small NNS ( i .	1	15	VBZ	is	are	14
the creator of this article has a history of creating duplicate articles RB naming conventions or NN .	1	5	VBZ	has	have	4
several software products and consumer devices use NNP technology and content including NNP NNP , NNP , and microsoft .	2	6	VBP	use	uses	4
biographies of 32 stars both contain detailed descriptions of the NNP !	0	5	VBP	contain	contains	5
in the cdp the age distribution of the population shows 25 .	5	9	VBZ	shows	show	4
for this reason , i felt it necessary to VB these statements in place ; otherwise the potential for renewed NN in this article is enormous .	17	24	VBZ	is	are	7
other issues placing him at odds with the labour movement include the failure to control prices and VBG during the war , and attitudes to pay and conditions of public servants .	1	10	VBP	include	includes	9
this timeline of JJ bicycle history is a summary of the major events in the development and use of JJ NNS and NNS , which are defined as JJ cycles with motor assistance but which can be powered by NNS alone .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
a NN indicates the person graduated but the year of NN is unknown .	4	11	VBZ	is	are	7
he current constituency in the national assembly of south africa is midlands , NNP NNP .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
the best thing a man can have , in my view , is health .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
the twist in the tale sets things in perspective and VBZ all these questions .	1	5	VBZ	sets	set	4
this doctrine of each force having its own NNP plane is contrary to most western air forces use of land based NNP aircraft .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
a witch named NNP also appears in the 1914 film his majesty , the NNP of oz .	1	5	VBZ	appears	appear	4
the languages used in those inscriptions are NNP , telugu and tamil .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
as of 2012 , CD countries in the un are members of the NNP .	5	9	VBP	are	is	4
the reason for the increased NN in terms of possible NNS is that there have been several high profile copyvio cases recently .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
NNP 's construction of the real numbers is similar to the above construction ; the real numbers are the completion of the rational numbers using the ordinary absolute value to measure distances .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
other awards she has received over the years are for her JJ achievements in performing arts and for the preservation of the filipino culture and heritage .	1	8	VBP	are	is	7
NNS assigned to NNS are JJ within each NN and are responsible for investigating murders , NNS , NNS , NNS and other crimes within that NN 's boundaries .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
similarly , missions to the palestinian national authority are at the NN of israel 's government located outside of jerusalem .	2	8	VBP	are	is	6
the events of the past week are unacceptable .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
i am surprised that no one on NN spotted that , `` the reason mechanical energy is not VBN is because much more of the chemical energy released during powder NN is transferred to the bullet than is transferred to the gun .	13	19	VBZ	is	are	6
the mission of the JJ sisters of christian charity sponsored NNP is to carry out the commitment of the sponsor to the healing and educational mission of the catholic church through the provision of quality health care and educational services .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
another extra bit appears when the number of pieces of the first color is eight or less .	6	13	VBZ	is	are	7
his relationship with stone 's successor , jack NNP ( sam NNP ) , is more problematic , as NNP is more NN and JJ , and his JJ NN of trial rules occasionally NNS VBP some bad publicity .	1	14	VBZ	is	are	13
since the passing loop was lifted all trains use the down platform and the station building on the up platform is today a NN .	15	20	VBZ	is	are	5
further update ) the added attributes of mary NNP is completely unsourced .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
he was a friend and correspondent of ernest NNP in the 1930s ; several letters to him from NNP appear in the latter 's selected letters .	14	19	VBP	appear	appears	5
the setting of the NN of within a deep forest ( NNP mountains ) is very similar to the home of the creature in NNP NNP 's other game known as NNP .	1	14	VBZ	is	are	13
many small towns and even some villages now have full internet access .	2	8	VBP	have	has	6
the only reason for this second debate is the early closure of the first one .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
cowboys and bank NNS are your NNS in the old west .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
it is also known as a JJ NN NN , NNP ( NNP ) or an NNP NN ( the latter is a JJ trademark , as NNP was the largest manufacturer of these at one time ) .	17	21	VBZ	is	are	4
de bury argues in this chapter that books of literature , science , and reason are better to study than a strict curriculum of law books .	7	15	VBP	are	is	8
however , the NNS of both schools are significantly different .	3	7	VBP	are	is	4
only CD google hits combined for various versions of his name , most of which are n't relevant .	3	15	VBP	are	is	12
for totally JJ topics like this about things that generally are expected to be notable , a single article in an internationally known newspaper is fully sufficient -- in any country .	18	24	VBZ	is	are	6
in addition to the NN described above for NNS , if the balance factor for the tree is 2 and that of the left NN is 0 , a right rotation must be performed on p .	13	17	VBZ	is	are	4
the only JJ thing i can see is the absolutely JJ level of NN coming from everyone .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
in the NNP , a long VBN NN , VBN at one end , moves nine NNS ( `` straight NNS '' ) NN by distances proportional to their distance from the NN 's NN .	7	14	VBZ	moves	move	7
the job of the closer is to determine community consensus with respect to the proposal , which incorporates the strength of the arguments and relevant policy as well as local consensus .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
live at the us festival is a live album and dvd by canadian rock band triumph , released in 2003 .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
the element of surprise '' is the third episode in the first season of the canadian police drama television series NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
jones ' NNS such as the NNP and joseph NNP have a NN construction , both RB drawn out from a NN whereby a JJ couple is caught in a VBG situation .	2	10	VBP	have	has	8
the concept of `` sustainable development '' is the fundamental building block around which environmental legal NNS have been VBN , both internationally and in south africa , and is reflected in section 24 ( b ) ( iii ) of the constitution [ JJ ] .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
two main JJ NNS used by the barn NN to VB sound are JJ time difference ( NNP ) and JJ level difference ( NNP ) .	3	12	VBP	are	is	9
the catholic neighborhood of santa cruz ( west ) is a very JJ and quiet area of santa cruz west , with dense NN gardens .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
this type of settlement risk , in which one party in a foreign exchange trade pays out the currency it sold but does not receive the currency it bought , is sometimes called NNP risk .	9	15	VBZ	pays	pay	6
in NNP 's survey of western palestine ( 1881 ) , he notes that the name of the `` curious cave '' at NNP NNP in arabic is NNP JJ utah .	15	27	VBZ	is	are	12
the prison was closed in the 19th century and only a NN of wall now remains , forming the north part of st george 's NN .	11	15	VBZ	remains	remain	4
the headquarters of the NN is the town of NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
a new editor asking where to deal with problematic editors is n't a personal attack .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
the JJ JJ nerve 9 ( NNP ) passes out underneath it .	3	8	VBZ	passes	pass	5
the boy , NNP NNP ( NNP NNP ) has an american dream , and RB want to shift in usa .	1	9	VBZ	has	have	8
the distribution of NNP NN is the same as that of NNP , and is included within its broader sense .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
other applications for this process include the NN of internal NNS of pipes .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
although it may be VBN by foreign influences , the soul of any literature is in its relationship to the NN .	10	14	VBZ	is	are	4
the only example of a NN in the north is JJ NN of NNP .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the width of the shell is 14 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP grand national CD annual tournament held by a notable organization is not notable simply by association .	5	11	VBZ	is	are	6
NNP is divided into individual cells , or chapters , most of which have a monthly screening where member directors can screen their films and usually organize NNP NNS once in a year .	8	13	VBP	have	has	5
the stretch of NNP road between NNP , co NNP and NNP , co NNP is not for the JJ .	1	15	VBZ	is	are	14
the manual , which is a decent first step calls it that .	1	9	VBZ	calls	call	8
the cause of NNP 's death is unknown , but his JJ presents it as a JJ death .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
NNS NNP and harold NNP 's analysis of team production is an extension and NN of earlier work by NNP .	6	10	VBZ	is	are	4
two concepts that relate to VBG include social NN ( the tendency for people to present themselves in a favorable light thus , VBG in the employment interview is JJ , JJ , and aimed at improving NNS of performance .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
the objective of this project is not certain , but it is thought to have been intended to develop a gun capable of firing an object into orbit , from where it could then drop onto any place on the earth .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the system used in north america is NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
though the current total population of the NN is unknown and has not been estimated , there have been over 10 , 000 individuals documented over a territory measuring just over .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
the limited sources that are available indicate that although homosexual NN might occur relatively RB , the NN of homosexual behaviour is higher .	2	6	VBP	indicate	indicates	4
his mother ( NNP NNP ) agrees and wants him to return to delhi for an arranged marriage .	1	6	VBZ	agrees	agree	5
the major NN of the NNP rod is that it VBZ out the normal front to back NN of the segment of the NN that is VBN , which in many patients results in a flat back NN , also known as `` JJ syndrome '' .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
japanese version and no progress translation ) meets up with the hero at NNP .	1	7	VBZ	meets	meet	6
a NN in the suspension towers allows access to the NN .	1	6	VBZ	allows	allow	5
a `` trick '' of the film is that while it may be expected that the NN will primarily be of percy , in fact other characters and relationships , and indeed the town itself , are RB VBN through the actions of percy .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
indian JJ NN ( NNP NN ) is a species of NN found in india and southeast asia .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the solution to the NNP equation , the NN , describes the quantum mechanical properties of a particle on NN scales .	1	10	VBZ	describes	describe	9
a native of wyoming , box lives outside of NNP with his wife NNP and daughters NNP , NNP and NNP .	1	6	VBZ	lives	live	5
many synthetic organic compounds such as plastic NNS , and a few natural ones , contain NN atoms ; these are known as JJ compounds or organic NNS .	3	15	VBP	contain	contains	12
the first sentence of design and development is a bear .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
mill points out the inherent value of NN since NN is ex vi NNS ( i .	5	10	VBZ	is	are	5
a review of their talk page shows that they were warned some time ago about it .	1	6	VBZ	shows	show	5
the `` 2001 british study of 26 JJ children '' is rather a small sample size for discussing the occurrence of different levels of mental NNS .	4	10	VBZ	is	are	6
the condition is so named for the fine NN appearance initially present ( NN ) and the NN of the NNS that develop ( while `` NN '' is latin for white , the NNS in this condition are not totally VBN ) .	34	38	VBP	are	is	4
the species in the genus NNP occur in north africa .	1	6	VBP	occur	occurs	5
the high urban population of the district is due to the 45 towns in the district which is the highest in kerala .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
there is no existing record of when this temple was founded , however the architecture of its assembly hall indicates the late NNP period , while the NNS inside the JJ hall demonstrate the NN during the NNS of kings rama iii and rama iv .	14	19	VBZ	indicates	indicate	5
list of songs by african , asian , caribbean and latin american artists which reached number one on the hot 100 ( us ) wikipedia is not a vehicle by which to address or promote NNS of racism , ethnic pride , NNS , or NN .	0	25	VBZ	is	are	25
the content of this article is almost entirely about the suicide already .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
this unsourced article about a NNP football fails to establish its subjects notability .	2	7	VBZ	fails	fail	5
the capital of the county is NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
suddenly , a NN of NN NNS appears , and one of them VBZ both NNP and the submarine .	3	7	VBZ	appears	appear	4
whilst the filling of the NNP is often a sweet NN of NN paste , ( RB combined with fruit such as cherry or NN ) , JJ NNS with a meat or cheese filling can also be termed as a NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
green day 's version , however , is slightly different from the original , with the woman holding armstrong 's sky blue NNP NN NNP rather than an acoustic guitar .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the ancient harbor constructed in NNP , india , around CD bce is the oldest NN harbour known .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
a VBG tax ( JJ sur les NNS et NNS , similar to the english NN ) was imposed in CD .	2	6	VBZ	les	le	4
at this point , us 25 joins NNP 21 for a NN and the two routes pass through residential areas as a NN JJ road .	6	16	VBP	pass	passes	10
the problem with your suggestion , NNP , is that any uninvolved appears to become an involved admin at NNP 's NN .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the oldest municipal college in the united states is the college of charleston located in historic charleston , south carolina .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
this collection of short stories by poet and artist , NNP NNP is everything such a book should be .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
the old bell pub in NNP old town has parts built in CD but is on the site of even older NN .	3	8	VBZ	has	have	5
the fact that the software licenses explicitly permit NN , however , provides a basis for larger scale projects that collect the software produced by JJ projects and make it available all at once in the form of a linux distribution .	1	12	VBZ	provides	provide	11
the largest office development in this area is the NNP tower , which is primarily occupied by british firm NNPS .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
support - this proposal is a reasonable way in which to gain consensus and to improve articles .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
one spring feeding NNP house run is between the cherry springs NNP and the parking lot ( photo ) , while another is between pa route 44 and west branch road , just east of their junction ( photo ) .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
an object in this sense is both a subject and an object in the sense used in the access control literature .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
one important characteristic feature of the NNP NNP is the large JJ population , consisting mainly of NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP are the different aboriginal tribes .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
also , the user name and talk page for NNP still exists .	4	11	VBZ	exists	exist	7
the location of the NN is variable , but never at an extreme NN or dorsal position ( NNP 1964 , NNP ) .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
animals that live in NNP state park include deer , NNS , NNS , NNS , NNS , black bears , NNS , snakes , NNS , fish , and birds .	0	7	VBP	include	includes	7
a feud between the NNP family and the NNP family begins when a NNP gets `` VBN '' ( VBN ) .	1	10	VBZ	begins	begin	9
the history of poland 's JJ collaboration with the `` JJ peoples '' falls into five periods .	1	13	VBZ	falls	fall	12
the key to a natural appearing hair NN is to have the hair emerge from perfectly normal skin , so VBG trauma to the NN is an important aspect of JJ unit NN .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the change to smart power meters is useful to stop energy theft .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the page of political JJ NNS is up from 45 in january to 150 in february .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
that is not to say that arguments for keeping this article are JJ , but what i do think is somewhat JJ is using VBN google counts VBN by massive reproduction of a few wire stories to show encyclopedic value .	6	11	VBP	are	is	5
the game end when one of the player has no seeds left .	2	8	VBZ	has	have	6
the following list , which is not JJ , gives an overview of brown 's recorded output as a backing vocalist .	2	9	VBZ	gives	give	7
the decline in his offensive statistics is partially JJ to moving from RB NNP park to JJ NNP stadium ; but as he did n't even lead his own team in any category , the respect suggested by the mvp vote is remarkable .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
a small , southern region of the country near NNP enjoys a reputation for a mediterranean climate , but in reality it is only slightly JJR than the rest of the country and still receives snow during the winter .	4	10	VBZ	enjoys	enjoy	6
the proper solution in such case is suggestion to merge the articles , since the topic is obviously valid .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP 's NN of the NNP dollar coin is JJ and does not merit inclusion in the article .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
JJ JJ weight placed on criticisms of living people in articles about subjects written about by those living persons is JJ advocacy .	2	19	VBZ	is	are	17
the village of NNP NN , built up for NNP NNP NNP , is home to a smaller version of the shrine .	1	13	VBZ	is	are	12
JJ NNS for such uses are often NN and driven by electric motors .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the hunter , then , armed with a short gun , carries the cloth before him at arms length ; under cover of which , he may approach his game as near as he VBZ .	1	11	VBZ	carries	carry	10
gate NNS and walls , NNP hall the garden walls are in brick with a stone NN , and VBD three sides of a rectangular garden .	1	10	VBP	are	is	9
the only tables in this page are one in the NN at the top , and the automatic table of contents .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the author of the research , NNP bass suggests that the most influential reason indian students studied in australia was not because of academic reputation , but the opportunity to gain permanent NN .	1	8	VBZ	suggests	suggest	7
NNP NNP NN fire in buenos aires kills CD , VBZ CD on december 30 .	3	7	VBZ	kills	kill	4
the two territorial army battalions , CD ( bangalore ) and CD ( NNP ) form the airborne element of the NNP ( as the territorial army is popularly known ) and are presently involved in coin operations .	4	15	VBP	form	forms	11
the notes accompanying the images are by dr NNP himself .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
list of arcade game NNP sounds a bit too RB for wikipedia .	0	5	VBZ	sounds	sound	5
no single year is missing , and the list from 1881 to 2011 indeed counts CD editions .	8	14	VBZ	counts	count	6
the outstanding behaviour of the candidate at this rfa demonstrates integrity and a NN to learn and engage with others .	2	9	VBZ	demonstrates	demonstrate	7
the chief objectives of this division are to VB healthy sports entertainment through the coverage of exciting moments and happening in the field of sports and to keep the viewers VBP with the national and international sports event .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
its name , NNP , means little NNP in serbian , and it also gives its name to the surrounding region and the modern NNP district of serbia .	1	5	VBZ	means	mean	4
while members of the royal family are clearly notable , the line of succession may be quite long .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
hunting opportunities in sand hill NNP include deer , NN , rabbit , NN , and turkey .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
examples of simple JJ fruits are NNS , NNS , and NNS .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
the twitter post that you and they are reading , is not the post in question that i am referring to .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
i provided above , or such larger amount of content as is JJ .	7	11	VBZ	is	are	4
the members of bowling for soup are good friends with the band NNP .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
the only primitive NNS in ordered geometry are points a , b , c , .	3	7	VBP	are	is	4
the song `` NNS '' includes acoustic rhythm guitar by NNP .	1	5	VBZ	includes	include	4
the closest railway station to victoria park is keith railway station in the town of keith , around to the south of NNP .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the connection of the colonies to what they are of is not clear in the current name .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
the first time we hear the music to the song is when truly ( played by sally ann NNP in the film ) motors up to the NNP ' NN with the children .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
when people buy the product through this link , the one who created the products then pays you a certain percentage of the cost of the product as commission .	10	16	VBZ	pays	pay	6
between these two NNS is a `` point of NN '' where the `` time NN '' , in NNP 's terminology , corresponds exactly to physical time .	15	23	VBZ	corresponds	correspond	8
the primary source for the NNS below is the official programme for the tournament .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the cities of NNP and NNP are among the largest settlements .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
meaning of holy land is not clear ; the article holy land states that term is another name for NNP , NNP , land of israel , and promised land .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
foot in mouth disease is the fourth studio album by NNP .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
the refs at the end of the NN about his test debut need some attention .	1	12	VBP	need	needs	11
the editor who made these changes argues that they were made in accordance with the peer review .	1	6	VBZ	argues	argue	5
i heard that every shape you draw constantly naturally gets NN and NN .	4	9	VBZ	gets	get	5
pretty much the only right retained by the copyright holder under those licenses is the right of NN .	4	13	VBZ	is	are	9
the desert in the state varies slightly with a small variant in climate .	1	5	VBZ	varies	vary	4
though there is no consensus on the community 's size , most estimates indicate that the number of displaced NNP in syria remains well over 1 , 000 , 000 in 2010 .	16	22	VBZ	remains	remain	6
the JJ study VBG JJ NN is the invisible NN test , conducted by daniel NNP of the university of illinois at NNP and christopher NNP of harvard university .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the JJ area of the dorsal surface of the NN is somewhat JJ .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
other types of NN NNS , such as an JJ NN , and a NN NN are also possible .	1	16	VBP	are	is	15
a chapter from an NNP romance is a prose NN written by NNP may NNP , about her family 's involvement with the NNP community NNP and after .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the percentage increases in social welfare over time are smaller than the corresponding increases in the NNP , and are VBG .	2	8	VBP	are	is	6
the NNP 's state mission under title 32 NNP is to respond to the call of the governor of south carolina in the event of natural NNS or domestic NNS within the state of south carolina .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
one guy with a NN is not a movement .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the majority of the membership is uk based , but with a significant JJ membership .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the areas along market street and main street are some of the JJS and largest commercial districts in NNP and have a diverse ethnic NN with a large dominican , puerto rican , and mexican population .	1	8	VBP	are	is	7
the angle of NN towards the bar is usually somewhere between fifteen and thirty degrees .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
his JJ maintenance engineer , douglas stewart robinson , is the brother of anthony gilbert robinson , who died in 2001 while VBG NN out of NNP to NNP .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
the exact content of the fleet article and its maintenance is a matter of content editing not deletion .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
the people who help the least are those who sit and `` vote '' , based upon no more than what they see directly in front of them , with no more effort than that VBD .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
until now , editors who have been VBG basically never tried to put in their own sources though ( there are just a few mentions of NNP and NNP , which i think i had to put in myself ) .	3	20	VBP	are	is	17
having said that , the manner in which it is being cited probably VBZ the external link guideline , as their website requires registration .	5	13	VBZ	violates	violate	8
police officers can use the NN during NN duty or NNP department operations , criminal investigation department , traffic police and all branches that are carrying out duties where JJ life or public property is in NN .	30	34	VBZ	is	are	4
the current list of NNP members is available from the NNP website .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the NNS or shop units are typically from around 10 square metres , and are rented out to small traders , who sell telecommunications and banking services , to food , and magazines .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
without justice , defense , or the items necessary for the NNS of survival , you enter the world that henry berry and his family grew up and existed in .	7	16	VBP	enter	enters	9
some years after the events described in mission to mars , and the NNP of mars , maurice gray and his friend bruce NNP are now permanent members of the research colony established on mars .	4	24	VBP	are	is	20
NNP distribution of dimension k is equivalent to a uniform distribution over a JJ NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the first NN of the year is from september to late january or mid february .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the project developer , wayne NNP , is at the research services branch of the national institute of mental health .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
although i am no longer editing race and intelligence ( my last edit was 3 weeks ago on may 25 ) , i think your edit restriction on the article is good .	26	30	VBZ	is	are	4
i believe that the loss of quality thus VBN is JJ .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
i should point out that the deletion that has been made to this article since i edited it is 3 different users deleting the section i wrote .	6	18	VBZ	is	are	12
the area of the NNP highland is a combination of hill ranges , steep river valleys and an elevated plain , the NNP plateau .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the license provided by this template is not suitable for wikipedia as it does not specifically allow derivative works ( only reproduction ) .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
NNS to the NNP program go through a screening process ; a written exam , an interview and health examination , and a background check .	0	5	VBP	go	goes	5
the area , which was once considered an overlap of the NNP circle and shaw neighborhoods , is today a historic district .	1	17	VBZ	is	are	16
a NN trailer , for example , is JJ so the front NN can pull the load around a corner whilst the rear NN can push the rear end ( at an angle ) around the same corner .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
in an interview with NNP he states the first single , `` bull in the wild '' is without a doubt the `` biggest song of their career .	12	17	VBZ	is	are	5
the name NN was derived from the latin NN , meaning `` NN '' , which is the botanical term describing a leaf base where the two sides of the leaf blade are of JJ length and do not meet the NN at the same place .	27	32	VBP	are	is	5
i ( NNP ) believe the use of this JJ scan in that purpose VBZ as fair use in the united states copyright law .	6	14	VBZ	qualifies	qualify	8
it 's not useful for navigation or any other purpose , and the defining term `` greater china '' is JJ , resulting in arguments .	14	19	VBZ	is	are	5
our article on philosophical novels has some examples , NN .	1	5	VBZ	has	have	4
traditionally , the final day of the festival is at stewart park on the NNP lake NN .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
the famous walls erected by NNP NNP ii have yet to be recovered .	2	8	VBP	have	has	6
it might be if the clothing was the subject of the photograph , but if the person wearing the clothes is the thing being photographed it does n't work like that .	16	20	VBZ	is	are	4
note that according to JJ glass its index of NN is 1 .	0	10	VBZ	is	are	10
a JJ young girl - NNP ( NNP NNP ) - arrives from school with a cooking degree , and joins a group of other women who work in jobs supporting the NNS .	3	11	VBZ	arrives	arrive	8
championship events hosted by NNP include the 2002 u .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
its not an attack since she RB admits this , and has VBN accuracy of entry .	3	7	VBZ	admits	admit	4
the traditional way of VBG a secondary school in the uk uses a horizontal or year system .	2	11	VBZ	uses	use	9
however , the NNP find it very difficult to use this new politically correct language , since very complicated and JJ forms of expression are now needed and are subject to different interpretations , meaning that the resolution of the linguistic issue is still a long way off .	37	42	VBZ	is	are	5
the role of the NNP is as a terminal operator serving as receiver of export cargo ( container and NN ) from inland carriers and a receiver and NN of import cargo ( container and NN ) .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the fraction of lost NNS increases as the traffic intensity increases .	1	5	VBZ	increases	increase	4
the size of the article is the biggest thing .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the most recent successes in the state tournaments include a first place finish in 2001 and second place finishes in 2000 , CD and VBN by the baseball team in the CD state tournament .	3	8	VBP	include	includes	5
the individual CD offices at local levels show minor variations in organizational structure .	3	7	VBP	show	shows	4
the username of the person who created this article is a conflict of interest .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
records of the NNP , an JJ african pastoral group , demonstrate strong NN behavior .	0	11	VBP	demonstrate	demonstrates	11
the JJ scene , however , exists only in her NN .	2	6	VBZ	exists	exist	4
almost sure '' versus `` sure '' the difference between an event being almost sure and sure is the same as the subtle difference between something happening with probability 1 and happening always .	8	17	VBZ	is	are	9
NN NNS by a person are perfectly valid sources about that person .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
thus , the two NNS of this enzyme are NNP NN and NN , whereas its two products are JJ and NN .	4	8	VBP	are	is	4
the term `` school of law '' as it applies to legal opinions of india was first used by NNP .	1	9	VBZ	applies	apply	8
one machine doing one specific task soon turns into a fleet of JJ machines VBG the entire process of production .	1	7	VBZ	turns	turn	6
the format of this list is different from the previous fl 's i 've done , so i 'd like to have some feedback on this before i do that .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the students of the school are the members of argentine JJS families , as well as gifted students with NNS .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
this will help to quickly access all projects based on this template when modifications to the main project occur , or should this ever happen ( !	13	18	VBP	occur	occurs	5
which ever player at the end of the round has the most points , that player wins that particular match .	2	9	VBZ	has	have	7
the JJ environment of the structure is mainly JJ marine ( i .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the only ratio that is relatively stable is foreign reserves over NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
main festival of NNP village is NNP NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the outcome of a breast NN with JJ NNS depends upon proper patient selection , preparation , and correct technique for recipient site expansion , and the NN , NN , and NN of the JJ NN fat .	1	9	VBZ	depends	depend	8
henry 's accident in the flying NNP is worth including , because it resulted in his rebuild .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the steps up to the NN ( NN where the altar is located ) are JJ to the NN and NN of the temple ( the floor of a temple ) .	1	14	VBP	are	is	13
the entire point of the project is to be the encyclopedia that anyone can edit .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
american NNP monasteries and NNS often combine the NNP with NN prayers or NNS and VBN together in the church .	2	6	VBP	combine	combines	4
in the the simpsons episode `` homer goes to college '' , homer visits some NNS who VBP `` NNP alert '' and `` stop the NN '' .	4	13	VBZ	visits	visit	9
movies under production by major studios often qualify .	0	7	VBP	qualify	qualifies	7
the individual named as VBG the paintings by our ip is an actual collector [ 11 ] .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
in particular , a JJ NN of a NN at NNP discovered in 1999 is internationally famous .	5	14	VBZ	is	are	9
all other trains except for some seasonal services are `` local '' services , stopping at all stations .	2	8	VBP	are	is	6
the ( apparently growing ) perception that only internet sources are relevant is not an accurate one and is not supported by wikipedia policy or guidelines .	5	12	VBZ	is	are	7
the article content , while potentially useful to some , is pretty much inherently JJ .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
note that this does not mean asking whether the links would be useful to someone looking into the topic on wikipedia , but instead how it helps the information as an NN article .	0	26	VBZ	helps	help	26
but with most modern computer systems many NNS in present rely on statistics even though such data are very much limited !	7	17	VBP	are	is	10
other island groups in the vicinity include the NNP islands , NNP islands , miles islands , NNP islands , and sisters islands .	2	6	VBP	include	includes	4
any other NNS that can help me save the article are RB welcome .	2	10	VBP	are	is	8
sustained thought ( NN ) is the act of keeping the mind VBD , in the sense that it is subtle with the individual essence of continued pressure , like the NN of the bell .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
afd outcome , as silver NNP so RB notes above .	1	8	VBZ	notes	note	7
for examples , NNP notes NNP `` an JJ term indicating mixed race or NN '' is the NNP name for NNP people and the NNP name for NNP people ; both the NNP and NNP use the chinese word NN NNP ( lit .	9	16	VBZ	is	are	7
the most common and JJ types of control NNS are JJ globe and angle NNS .	5	9	VBP	are	is	4
however , your restricted list of sources also limits the article .	4	8	VBZ	limits	limit	4
the lyrics on `` hunting for happiness '' are in english .	1	8	VBP	are	is	7
the musical structure of the song is different to the conventional style which is normally used , as the song 's melody does not gain momentum until the end of the song instead of by the first chorus .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
both winners of the vote are in bold .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the NNP is an JJ NN curve , which means that the NN will take higher risk if the return of the portfolio is also higher .	19	23	VBZ	is	are	4
some verses in NN written by roger to maurice of NNP , the prior of NNP priory , are extant and have been published as part of maurice 's works .	1	18	VBP	are	is	17
other studies and statements by NNS and NNS support this conclusion .	1	8	VBP	support	supports	7
NN , the subject of this article appears never to have been described or cited in any JJ source except for sources written by the algorithm 's author , j .	3	7	VBZ	appears	appear	4
a reader who is following links within wikipedia is unlikely to end up at tree ( set theory ) if one were looking for other types of trees , since tree does not redirect there .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
these aspects of creative expression allow NNP youth to maintain a strong tie to their JJ communities that , while informed by an american experience , also adds elements and NNS to american culture .	1	5	VBP	allow	allows	4
several drugs including NN and NN are similar to NN in that they VBP with NN NN .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
if the number of authorized oak leaf clusters VBZ four , a second ribbon is authorized for wear and is worn after the first ribbon .	2	8	VBZ	exceeds	exceed	6
a watch is first issued if the arrival time for a potential NN is more than 2 hours from the time of the warning .	8	13	VBZ	is	are	5
the residents of NNP , who mostly settled in NNP NNP and NNP da NNP and along the NN , took a brave stand against king philip ii of spain upon his NN to the portuguese throne in CD .	1	13	VBP	da	da	12
the officers of the teams also typically wear all white and the line members wear school colors .	1	7	VBP	wear	wears	6
the human races , by their natural and JJ characters , are so different from each other that , the NN of them is further from the highest race than of the highest animal species .	2	11	VBP	are	is	9
additional improvements to network performance are also underway with the deployment of the network operations common operating picture ( NNP NNP ) .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the most significant NN with the demonstration is RB that the interface only allows users to edit a small number of JJ articles , thus avoiding the problem of understanding potentially difficult NN .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
church members from muslim backgrounds face JJ `` persecution '' , including from family members .	1	5	VBP	face	faces	4
NNS is a rising concern in clinical NN , because the JJ window of most NN drugs is narrow and patients with JJ ability to VB drugs will undergo JJ NNS .	12	17	VBZ	is	are	5
welcome thousands of other NNS exist ] , VBG to a vast range of special interests .	1	5	VBP	exist	exists	4
this is based on the belief that the traditional academic development that is characteristic of most education institutions is only one of the multiple NNS that need developing in a school .	10	18	VBZ	is	are	8
an image of an existing piece of infrastructure is not an illustration of planning ( i .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the NNP speak of the story VBZ it is described how NNP won the hand of NNP by VBG the divine cow in order to fulfill the NN of NNP that WP first goes round the whole earth will win the hand of NNP .	2	6	VBZ	wherein	wherein	4
the tour , scheduled to last from september to november 2010 , has , as of october , sold out every venue .	1	12	VBZ	has	have	11
NNP NN and NN NN striking difference between the vienna NNP and the others is that the munich and the NNP NNP contain the so-called NN NN , the letters to and from the various NNS with whom NNP dealt , which is lacking in the vienna NNP .	6	14	VBZ	is	are	8
it 's the JJ line that runs down from the point midway between the middle of the NN and the lateral end of the NN ; the lateral end of the NN is the end closer to the arm .	28	32	VBZ	is	are	4
a variety intermediate to the NN proper and the lost ones also exists .	2	12	VBZ	exists	exist	10
the NN NNP ending of the NNS becomes the new verb ending .	3	7	VBZ	becomes	become	4
though he had the advantage on the NNP knights as they can not kill a normal human , deciding to go through with it despite the NNP armor still not VBN , NNP 's scheme to convert NNP with the final NNP horror plant fails .	34	44	VBZ	fails	fail	10
however , evidence against this hypothesis is the fact that the first sharp turn was too wide and circular to cause any damage , and that the final turn , while considered sharp , was far too slow for any structural failure to occur .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the second possible model of JJ mediation involves a new variable which VBZ the relationship between the independent variable and the NN ( the a path ) .	3	7	VBZ	involves	involve	4
the narrow , deep channel VBG this island from NNP island is a NN from the station to the NNP bay area by water .	4	11	VBZ	is	are	7
the article about students meeting the manga artist is a NN by the school district and thus also JJ .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the south korean part of the line is long between NNP and NNP .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
i have anything against them , i just think the argument about at least the NN having the most factual image available is a pretty sound one .	10	22	VBZ	is	are	12
like NN , miami bass , baltimore club and NNP music , NN is a highly regional form of urban dance music .	4	13	VBZ	is	are	9
back in the temple , the workers that had been afraid of NNP accidentally break an arm off of one of her statues as they were taking it down .	6	14	VBP	break	breaks	8
the next day , while looking for a missing cat , anne finds her in one of the property 's NNS , which had been NNS due to them containing alexander 's manuscript papers .	2	12	VBZ	finds	find	10
other churches of the anglican NNP each have their own authorized prayer books which in general follow the NNS described above though the details and languages used do vary .	23	27	VBP	do	does	4
while breaks of gauge are generally located near borders , a line carrying iron ore from ukraine extends into JJ territory to a NNS near NNP see also rail gauge in slovakia .	11	17	VBZ	extends	extend	6
portrait of a young NNP woman is a small NN length oil on NN panel painting by the german artist NNP NNP from CD .	0	6	VBZ	is	are	6
the statement on the NNS hosting the memorial cup seems VBN in the middle of that sentence .	1	9	VBZ	seems	seem	8
a study published by the national research council in 1993 determined that for NNS and children , the major source of exposure to NNS is through diet .	19	24	VBZ	is	are	5
and other NNS as well if you find it JJ .	2	7	VBP	find	finds	5
one result of debates over the meaning and validity of the concept of race is that the current literature across different disciplines regarding human variation lacks consensus , though within some fields , such as some branches of anthropology , there is strong consensus .	1	14	VBZ	is	are	13
sales of NNP books are large , with an estimated 600 , 000 annual sales in france alone , and growing popularity in india , a large market for NNP books .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
the NNP ali NNP is located on a hill where the bridge connecting NNP east to NNP west ends .	11	18	VBZ	ends	end	7
lyrics for all songs are in the turkish language , with NNP being the only instrumental piece .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
the formation of mind from elements individually JJ of thought is the central theme of part iii , `` from hardware to software '' .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
the term has been supposed to VB in a resemblance to the dog DT NN , but the original idea of a NN NN is a sufficient explanation .	19	24	VBZ	is	are	5
providing service for both the blue and yellow lines , this is the NN transfer station for the blue and yellow lines , as the two lines VBP just south of the station .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
the JJ explanation for the NN comes from the NNP religion , a NN that VBZ mother sun and father moon .	2	6	VBZ	comes	come	4
the meaning of this configuration is that a NN must not turn either left or right .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the planned name for the park is NNP field , as first announced by the NNP city council after meeting with NNP on november 8 , 2006 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the original school was situated in `` NNP hall '' and the first edition of the NNP survey map ( 1848 ) shows it was at the end of a short track off NNP lane , now liverpool road .	13	22	VBZ	shows	show	9
that is where the album `` NNP '' VBZ from .	4	8	VBZ	originates	originate	4
here , the NNS considered of successive terms , instead of a rational function of n , are a rational function of NN .	3	17	VBP	are	is	14
from my experience , people who come to wikipedia with a marketing background are unable to tell the difference between a neutral and factual article and a promotional one .	4	13	VBP	are	is	9
NNS mountains to the south and west , the NNP NNP , which includes NNP lake , and the NNP and ruby range to the east and north , which are part of the NNP plateau .	1	30	VBP	are	is	29
thus , the exterior of a protein is typically JJ , whereas the interior is typically JJ .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the capacity of the NNP is 700 NNP , thus i figure i should be able to fit 500 photos on a disk .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the attitude of the subject is personal , often wearing a slight NN , but somehow always feels a little staged .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
educational institutions in bay ridge include ; p .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
admission to the JJ program is extremely competitive .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
national costumes , or folk NNS , vary from region to region in style , design , color , material , shape and form .	1	7	VBP	vary	varies	6
thus the initial vision of two men becomes reality .	3	7	VBZ	becomes	become	4
the series was held early in september because of the world war i `` work or fight '' order that forced the JJ end of the regular season on september 1 , and remains the only world series to be played entirely in september .	18	33	VBZ	remains	remain	15
the main purpose of these units is to help farmers who are VBG losses in agriculture by making them switch over to dairy farming and VB profits .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the fact that there is no article covering english NNS means that someone should create one , not that all other articles of the type should be deleted .	1	10	VBZ	means	mean	9
moreover , teachers in the NNS and other theological institutions also make JJ contributions to nation building .	2	11	VBP	make	makes	9
the single figure in the bottom corner suggests a JJ existence , a difficult spiritual path that is VBN in the steep NNS .	2	7	VBZ	suggests	suggest	5
however , he explains that VBP VBG down through NNP is not convincing to JJ arab viewers ; DT 's why pictures of these things are so vital .	21	25	VBP	are	is	4
the pursuit of the public good by VBG civil society and social justice is the ultimate goal of the field .	1	13	VBZ	is	are	12
and since then the name of the field becomes NNP NNP math .	4	8	VBZ	becomes	become	4
the name of the alumni association is the university of auckland society .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
part of the story takes place in NNP '' ) .	0	4	VBZ	takes	take	4
the JJ NNS of the NNS bear JJ NNS of skin .	2	6	VBP	bear	bears	4
the scheduled travel time to park street from heath street is about 22 minutes .	3	10	VBZ	is	are	7
another aspect i am wondering about is privacy concerns .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
under NN assumptions about error NNS , the counterpart of the sum of squares due to error has a NNP distribution .	8	17	VBZ	has	have	9
with a population of CD , CD ( city ) and CD , CD ( municipality ) as of the 2010 census , NNP is the JJ city in the state .	8	24	VBZ	is	are	16
the final form of the NN is fully JJ , with a range of an JJ and half starting from f above middle c ; the NN provides NNS for c , d and g .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
historic places in east NNP include the numerous red and brown sandstone NNS that gave the town its industrial NNS and from which the original NNP institution building in washington was VBN , and the NNP NNP house , the NNP NNP house and the first NNP church .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
when the group sing the song in the tv movie , back to the NNS , it differs slightly from the music video .	2	17	VBZ	differs	differ	15
if the artist he produced or VBN wins a grammy , he gets a citation not the trophy .	2	7	VBZ	wins	win	5
the world of the book takes its NN from NNP 's brilliant but JJ NN 's NN .	1	5	VBZ	takes	take	4
the highway after the toll road , now designated solely as NNP , continues JJ towards michigan city and detroit .	1	13	VBZ	continues	continue	12
the main focus of the business is to add value to naturally coloured raw NN which it VBZ from farmers , NNS and rare sheep NNS .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
this notion of VBG NNS is quite simply VB .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP NNP 's sculpture the political prisoner is in its entrance hall .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the result of molecular binding is the formation of a molecular complex .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
as NNP gill 's cousin and NNP gill 's nephew , NNP is bent on restoring the NNP empire to its former glory , VBG the aid of the NNP in search of phantom ranger keys and gain the greatest power in the universe .	4	12	VBZ	is	are	8
the use of a baby image for the NN however makes it fall under JJ and JJ .	1	10	VBZ	makes	make	9
other physicians would join NNP arguing that the symptoms exhibited by NNP , match a tropical disease and since these are rare in morocco , doctors RB diagnosed it first as a NN NN then as food NN .	8	13	VBP	match	matches	5
SYM - i have no idea if it 's important or not , but the ink that was colored on is mostly white , with some of the shirt and a small portion of black ink being covered by black marker .	15	20	VBZ	is	are	5
the manufacturing plant in franklin , indiana specializes in lighter gauge VBG up to 400 tons , plus NNP and resistance NN , tube NN , NN , and forming .	2	7	VBZ	specializes	specialize	5
generally speaking , the best way to do so is to approach the author first .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
any further attempt to VB more out of them has consequences .	2	9	VBZ	has	have	7
the rock wall overlooking the lake has a panel of images as described below .	2	6	VBZ	has	have	4
another term strongly associated with the NNP faction is RB , a term VBG from their strong ties to NN .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the difference in design with the JJ NN is that where the point of the NN would be on the bottom of a plain JJ there is a flat area ranging from six to ten inches wide .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the largest crops ( more than 20 NN NNS in 2003 ) include NNS , NNS , NNS and NNS .	2	12	VBP	include	includes	10
an example of NNS JJ ' is the arms of the dutch municipality of NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the track `` NNP 's NNP '' is a guitar solo extract from a live version of the song `` NNP roads '' .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the NNP era , alternatively described as the NNP era , is a term used by some political journalists and NNS to describe the period in united states federal and presidential political history from 1980 to 2013 .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
evolution of the NNP , VBD `` a history of the VBN animals through time '' is a basic NN textbook by edwin h .	8	16	VBZ	is	are	8
ironically , permission to post an image on wikipedia is not sufficient for use on wikipedia .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the JJ ' NN of both aston and nearby villages simply means they are near the river trent .	3	11	VBZ	means	mean	8
the highest point in the park is mount dawson , at .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
most NNS or streets which are called after de NNP use this term ( e .	1	10	VBP	use	uses	9
in addition , RB educational failures from real NNS come at the expense of the safety of the public .	5	9	VBP	come	comes	4
the slow decrease in the working class goes against the trend for a JJR national decline , VBG the perception of NNP as a working class town .	2	7	VBZ	goes	go	5
the purpose of my proposal is not only to be accurate or complete , but also to be applied easily .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
it breaks your heart that the way they display their anger is to VB on a member and use that kind of language , '' NNP said .	6	11	VBZ	is	are	5
another important area of the site is the forum .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the number of NNP community members is not easy to estimate .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the utility of unlimited supplies of labour to growth objectives depends upon the amount of capital available at the same time .	1	10	VBZ	depends	depend	9
both are major contributors to the overall structure , so much so that the JJ bond between the NN carbon and the NN nitrogen has significant double bond character .	15	24	VBZ	has	have	9
the reason for this permission is usually the service of catholics who have no priest of their own NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
thus , the two NNS of this enzyme are atp and NNP , whereas its two products are NNP and NN .	4	8	VBP	are	is	4
when the ball is carried by a single player in open play , any other player on the same team who is in front of the ball carrier is in an JJ position .	15	28	VBZ	is	are	13
many authors and musicians perhaps better known in other genres have none the less contributed important works to the NN corpus .	1	10	VBP	have	has	9
once again , it is only the category guidance ( not the text guidance ) that calls for a reference by NNP himself , and even then only when the reference in the article is to him saying `` i , sam NNP , believe in the jewish religion .	30	34	VBZ	is	are	4
major NNS of where NNP and NNP associated hereditary NNS occur are related to tissue NN of the cancer NN , the agent that causes chronic NN or the NN .	1	10	VBP	occur	occurs	9
the book by david NNP is a different book than the one under consideration here at afd which is a JJ ( NNP ) book by david michael NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
land transport authority ( NNP ) would make sure that NNS , mass rapid transit stations , construction sites are free of NN breeding .	15	19	VBP	are	is	4
the NNS , sexual NNS , or NNS cause RB significant NN or NN in social , JJ , or other important areas of functioning .	1	8	VBP	cause	causes	7
NNS working in the remaining portions of the highway are local firms instead .	0	9	VBP	are	is	9
its NN in the NNS market is NNP NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the modern JJ construction of the drum arose in the west and is not traditional .	3	12	VBZ	is	are	9
the ultimate fate of the NNP NN is unknown .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
interim results from the aforementioned trial at u c davis confirm the tree 's high NN requirement .	1	10	VBP	confirm	confirms	9
another version of the story has him carrying a NN filled with sand .	1	5	VBZ	has	have	4
similarly , belief in buddhism and NNP implies belief in NN and therefore belief in NN .	2	7	VBZ	implies	imply	5
failure to attribute and NN in violation of the terms of the wikipedia licenses is bad form , but VBG to wikipedia licenses are pretty easy to do ( since you do n't need formal written permission to copy ) .	0	14	VBZ	is	are	14
the first tribe to light the NN wins immunity .	2	7	VBZ	wins	win	5
in december 2009 , commission chairman NNP said , `` we know what the art of the possible is at this particular location .	14	18	VBZ	is	are	4
and the only wikipedia editor that her blog VBZ is you .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
the term `` JJ '' VBZ two NNS and a single NN character .	1	5	VBZ	utilizes	utilize	4
the buildings and resources at NNP constitute a JJ landscape typical of both a county government seat in NNP virginia in the JJ and of a farming community in the state .	1	6	VBP	constitute	constitutes	5
the size of this primary lens is the main factor in determining the light gathering ability and resolution of a VBG telescope .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the only way to effectively VB the impact of a NN is through an early warning system .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
the revenue authorities of the australian states treat `` NN credit '' in the same way .	2	7	VBP	treat	treats	5
the analysis of the historical evidence leads to a striking conclusion .	1	6	VBZ	leads	lead	5
some states choose to license NNS , so that only people with appropriate qualifications are able to fulfill the role , but this is not the case in all NNS .	10	14	VBP	are	is	4
rivers such as the NNP river and NNP river VBP this NN and due to erosion occurring faster than NN , have continued to flow right up to the present day , directly across the axis of the range .	0	9	VBP	predate	predates	9
a medical laboratory or clinical laboratory is a laboratory where tests are done on biological specimens in order to get information about the health of a patient .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP polish ) , the phenomenon of JJ english ' in china is a massive , acknowledged problem , one which the school systems and students are attempting to address .	5	12	VBZ	is	are	7
content that is only JJ for JJ use , or by special permission and things like that is too JJ to be JJ with that license , and thus not allowed even if wikipedia itself is non-profit .	0	17	VBZ	is	are	17
the northern area of the parish is also home to the island 's NNP territory , in and around which 3 , 000 pure , indigenous NNP live .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the NNP notes these JJ NNS `` almost certainly contribute to hate crime violence directed at the lgbt community , which is more targeted for such attacks than any other minority group in america .	2	9	VBP	contribute	contributes	7
the population of the island is about 180 inhabitants .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the oldest hotel building in the district dates to 1855 .	3	7	VBZ	dates	date	4
an important element of NN design is NN for persons with disabilities .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the small nature of the school allows for all students to be known by name .	2	6	VBZ	allows	allow	4
there are no guidelines for what NN rates should be used for VBG or for frame NN , and so the results of NNS created by each user are already highly JJ and JJ from one video to the next .	21	28	VBP	are	is	7
the main module of a goal agent VBZ a strategy for VBG actions by means of action rules .	2	7	VBZ	specifies	specify	5
his employer , carl stone VBZ him poorly and forces NNP to sleep in the chicken shed .	1	5	VBZ	treats	treat	4
although the primary source this article uses is the us census , their population figures are not totally reliable .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
a decrease to the bank 's liability account is a NN .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the wider dispute between american liberals and conservatives , especially during election season , is not something that NNP can resolve .	2	14	VBZ	is	are	12
the second row , left , is a set released in 2001 , but with artwork VBN from a 1957 edition of the game .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the mandate of a police board is to own and operate the independent municipal police department ensuring that police independence from political interference is maintained .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
pictures of giuseppe NNP are also in the church of st .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
dozens of family NN NNS are under heavy NN and a series of crucial voting parameters and rounds of JJ decide the outright winner .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
the next time these holidays overlap is in CD .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the central forms of NNP , NNP and the goddess NNP constitute the trinity of NNS sitting on the VBN platform or the NNP in the inner NN .	2	11	VBP	constitute	constitutes	9
the medium of education in private schools is english .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
big NNS , NNS , and smoke screens are a common sight at st .	1	8	VBP	are	is	7
a website of followers of NNP NNP baba is not a JJ source for wikipedia , except may be for the articles NNP NNP baba , NNP NNP baba movement or in this case NNP NNP .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
comment i think part of the problem is that this article is like a safety valve .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
an important outcome of the NNP process is a set of five JJ principles that tourism students should VB upon graduation to become responsible leaders and NNS for the destinations where they work or live .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
a NN lodge , duke of kent CD , also meets in NNP , on the border with long pond .	2	10	VBZ	meets	meet	8
the site borders NNP in which a majority of the staff of NNP lives , as NNP itself , in the soviet union , was not shown on public maps .	7	13	VBZ	lives	live	6
the mascot of lincoln middle school is the lion .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
in any event , the content of the interviews is pr NN , as i have also explained previously .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
all characters in the first group are , however , not directly available on many hebrew or JJ keyboards , and any that is lacking is commonly replaced by the corresponding character in the second group .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
other kinds of resource NNS allow names and descriptions to be associated with resources .	1	5	VBP	allow	allows	4
high dive '' NNP NNP is the right hand man of ahmed .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the church of NNP da cruz in NNP , built by NNP NNP in CD is an unusual experiment because of its JJ NN plan .	1	15	VBZ	is	are	14
due to the active JJ nature of the region , the nuclear power station has been built to a high level of safety , and its operator , NNP electric power , claims that it can VB strong NNS .	26	32	VBZ	claims	claim	6
unfortunately , she 's not very good , and the winner of their JJ games always picks the movie they watch .	10	16	VBZ	picks	pick	6
voiced NNS such as the pure NNS are , by definition , distinguished by the VBG sound of this periodic NN of the vocal NNS .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
other communities in the area that are typically considered to be a part of NNP are cooper ( pronounced `` NNS '' by many locals ) , enterprise ( not to be confused with the city of enterprise in south alabama ) , and midway .	1	15	VBP	are	is	14
the JJS part of NNP NNP is NNP NNP , a large plateau covered in dark lava , approximately in area .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the NN NN was based only on the fact that the voters like the website and want the article preserved , and they make absolutely no NN of sources at all .	11	16	VBP	want	wants	5
the basic interval of the munich NNP is one train every 20 minutes .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
lunch ( NN ) is often an JJ main dish of NN ( NN ) or rice ( NN ) VBN with NN ( NN ) , NN ( NN ) , VBZ ( NN ) and sage .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
in winter months , chains or snow NNS are often necessary to reach NNP from any direction .	4	8	VBP	are	is	4
the body of the NNP NNP is JJ and VBN .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
all the young women , upon seeing the mixed contents of the bag , decide that the task is impossible or that NNP NNP is insane , and all return the bag and its contents to him VB .	3	14	VBP	decide	decides	11
the NN gain of the eu consists of the various gains in prosperity , which result from economic integration and now make the member states RB like being VBN together .	2	6	VBZ	consists	consist	4
the only point left to address is the lead .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the JJ number for each type increases as a character levels up .	2	6	VBZ	increases	increase	4
lot of information about the university is of this nature , explaining the lower reference and source count .	0	6	VBZ	is	are	6
i think that the material i ( and others ) have deleted from the article belongs more properly at history of belarus .	4	15	VBZ	belongs	belong	11
this more recent type of NN NNS a JJ NN of electricity when the NN VBZ the circuit by VBG two NNS located either at the entrance or between the entrance and the NN .	9	15	VBZ	completes	complete	6
overall the NNS , or flower NNS , take around eight months to development from the first NN changes in late spring .	2	8	VBP	take	takes	6
more precisely , the centre of the sphere is in the centre of the pupil of the observer 's eye .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
the album , produced by lloyd campbell , features various artists recorded over NNS of two classic NN NNS .	1	8	VBZ	features	feature	7
its not a strong keep , but coverage seems sufficient enough for inclusion .	4	8	VBZ	seems	seem	4
variations in the game include a drop hit to start the point or a coach feeding the ball to start the point .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
consequently , their work , and the maps of the universe they produce , tend to be much more difficult for the average person to VB - exactly like if you tried to read an aviation chart or a JJ chart for VBG a busy shipping channel .	7	14	VBP	tend	tends	7
the creator of science city zero ( a project involving NN on political NNS , which often resulted in NNS ) , VBG uses a secret military project to launch the four into space , and secretly NNS a NN with an alien race to gain JJ abilities .	1	23	VBZ	uses	use	22
as i see it , the only people who benefit from this stuff are the ones VBG it it .	7	13	VBP	are	is	6
similarities between individuals concerning their set of needs arise from the genetic basis of NN needs , as well as similarities in initial NN environments ( e .	0	8	VBP	arise	arises	8
courses on drum making and native arts and crafts are also available .	0	9	VBP	are	is	9
grammar NNP use of the term `` nazi '' in this NN , in association with the nazi NN icon and the reference to the ss , is disruptive and JJ .	2	27	VBZ	is	are	25
NNP particles can result in JJ attributes when one is exposed to a high concentration ; NNP JJ NNS such as NNP NNP and the NNS are able to communicate with each other or connect with NNP through NNP particles .	18	26	VBP	are	is	8
the standard of verifiability that we , at wikipedia , are supposed to have is that we use sources that actually have factual accuracy as their goal in the first place , rather than , say , entertainment for radio listeners .	1	14	VBZ	is	are	13
the collection as a whole reflects ways in which scotland and her people have been portrayed in film since 1896 , both by indigenous and visiting NNS and more recently the broadcasting sector and VBG scottish film industry .	1	5	VBZ	reflects	reflect	4
a 2008 article in the telegraph indicates she had been VBG with the theme of NN for the five years since her marriage in 1932 .	2	6	VBZ	indicates	indicate	4
the details of the earlier NNS are not certain , but a church dedicated to john the NNP is VBN in about CD .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
artists who have worked on the NN ' series include NNP NNP ( a .	0	9	VBP	include	includes	9
NNP has an expanded mission statement stating that the basic function of the school is to `` provide instruction and opportunities for achievement .	10	14	VBZ	is	are	4
styles , NNS , colours and patterns are also more varied than in most suits ; JJR and JJR NNS may be used , such as NN , NN , NN , leather , and NN .	0	7	VBP	are	is	7
a NN dancing competition , similar to dancing with the stars , is the final competition .	3	12	VBZ	is	are	9
the fact that several airlines had VBN at NNP is a notable part of its history , but it is not the kind of thing which VBZ a NN .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the main color of the shell and its skin is olive green to dark brown .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
most NNS are VBG animals ; the sizes and NNS of such NNS vary by species and region .	7	13	VBP	vary	varies	6
another common use of NN priority mode is to suggest how the camera should determine a NN speed , without VBG a poor exposure .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the only way we can be sure that they are accurate it to expect solid sourcing , so the standard is pretty high for sources , and articles about people without good sourcing generally get deleted , thus VBG your time .	2	20	VBZ	is	are	18
the arguments presented here for deletion make sense .	1	6	VBP	make	makes	5
the key thing to keep in mind with the chinese medical application of the five elements is that it is only a model , and it is known to have exceptions .	2	16	VBZ	is	are	14
NN of the JJ NN leads to the excess NN of tears called NN .	0	5	VBZ	leads	lead	5
one difference between JJ and metal NNS is that at a metal surface the electromagnetic waves are RB confined ; at high frequencies the electric and magnetic fields VBP a very short distance into the metal .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the concept of the JJ step is very important to the NN and understanding of many chemical processes such as NN and NN .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
this user , based on my recent interactions , is almost certainly rich NNP see my talk page .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
traditional JJ dances and festivals known as NNP 's are as well an important means to celebrate their indigenous roots and VB their ethnic membership within JJ borders .	2	9	VBP	are	is	7
featured article candidates ; other pages are JJ .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the phrase `` JJ england '' appears in english in the german text .	1	6	VBZ	appears	appear	5
my idea about JJ plane is the set of all lines of NNP through origin .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the NNP province ( UH , oblast ) contains eight municipalities ( ) .	2	8	VBZ	contains	contain	6
the functional area of an intersection or interchange is the area that is critical to its safe and efficient operation .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
each column was brought in by rail from the pacific northwest because trees in montana rarely grow so large .	12	16	VBP	grow	grows	4
very few of the people born here stay through NN ; at the same time , the origins of the inhabitants fall within a wide range , as people from the most various places of romania can be found in the delta .	17	21	VBP	fall	falls	4
enterprise information security architecture ( NNP ) is a part of enterprise architecture focusing on information security throughout the enterprise .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
anyone who thinks that the relative strength of the reasons is decisive is JJ about our processes .	6	10	VBZ	is	are	4
the concept of NN has been more recently VBN , and the current policy ( 2008 ) is that it is not sufficiently established to include it as a position of the NNP but further investigation is VBN .	13	17	VBZ	is	are	4
the JJ development , as a NNP concept , is actually not in use in europe .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
a common practice among professional NNS is environmental and JJ advocacy .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the major rivers that run through it include the NNP , the NNP and the south and middle NNS of the salmon river .	2	7	VBP	include	includes	5
the origin of the word is arab word NN , which means clothes , NN but also indicating NN and other precious items , and persian NN NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP species , such as plants , form the first level and are the resource limited species that feed on no other living creature in the web .	1	7	VBP	form	forms	6
the infection page description for secondary NNS is terrible .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
per above discussions and JJ consensus an article on the railway station serving the city is not only acceptable , but essential .	7	15	VBZ	is	are	8
i would argue that the metro atlanta piece represents JJ coverage , and that the two articles by NNP and the awards help supplement notability of this organization that goes beyond local coverage .	16	22	VBP	help	helps	6
additional match for JJ championship is the major professional competition .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
this article on the movie 300 is ready for fa status .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
NNP store , while `` hang the moon '' is available on the cast album NNP .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
a key notion in the whole process is that of NN , the income level which is necessary for VBG one 's life .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
another important consideration for software NN is performance .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the surrounding area to the south towards NNP in the direction of the NN NNP basin is part of the NNP , an area known for its fine wines .	2	16	VBZ	is	are	14
the second regions of interest shown by an NN are JJ NNP domain ( NNP ) .	2	9	VBP	are	is	7
the forests of the southeast tip of NNP are home to a cave that is considered the residence of NNP and NNP .	1	8	VBP	are	is	7
path 15 , along with the pacific dc NNP running far to the east , forms an important transmission NN with the JJ plants to the north and the fossil fuel plants to the south .	0	15	VBZ	forms	form	15
the paragraph in early life is a little NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the only mentions of this word on the web all refer to martin NNP and are usually in quotes - indicating that the word has not passed into the language but is a term used by one person .	2	10	VBP	refer	refers	8
the NNS and open NNS have an abundance of NNS typical of this zone , notably NNP NN and NNP NN .	1	5	VBP	have	has	4
the default setting , `` comfort '' , is ideal under normal driving conditions , VBG as the car 's speed increases .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
original choices for the lead role include robert NNP , leslie howard and george NNP .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
on the other hand , the NN allowed by god for our NN , when we are handed over to NNP because of our NN , god often permits to continue until our death , if this is needed to VB our NNS .	6	28	VBZ	permits	permit	22
according to the band website , the artists that were most influential to mechanical angel 's music include primarily nine inch NNP , NNP NNP , NNP mode , NNP NNP and massive attack .	7	17	VBP	include	includes	10
so he decides that the best way to get out of these NNS of NN is to dive head first into a new investigation .	6	15	VBZ	is	are	9
every reference in the article serves to VB secondary trivial facts , like a festival existing , rather than him having anything to do with it .	1	5	VBZ	serves	serve	4
subsequent records of the ship 's movements are JJ , but it appears she remained active through the 1920s , operating from various ports in the united states to destinations as diverse as NNP , st .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
top NNS very nearly always do so , and the NNP NN is expected to decay into bottom NNS more than any other particle if it is sufficiently light .	1	5	VBP	do	does	4
the base of the NNP is at the first appearance of NN species NNP NN and the top of magnetic NN NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
voting as an editor , not as an admin , i believe that the JJ objections in both content and number indicate that this nomination should be brought up again at a future time .	15	21	VBP	indicate	indicates	6
the space , along with the double origin NN is an example of a NNP space , although it is not completely NNP .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the NNS and the NNS alike VBP that the philosophy of the NNP is the practice of JJ action .	9	13	VBZ	is	are	4
other players who have been relatively successful at wimbledon are boris NNP , john NNP , stefan NNP and chris NNP .	1	9	VBP	are	is	8
comment just wan na VB you folks , this article as it stands , 2 days into this discussion , is a significant set of multiple NNS .	9	20	VBZ	is	are	11
typical values of ground NN particle velocity associated with vehicles passing over traffic VBG road NNS are in the range of 0 .	1	16	VBP	are	is	15
as JJ evolved into old norse , in the 8th century , the effects of the NNS seem to have been very much the same over the whole old norse area .	13	17	VBP	seem	seems	4
a common report from those with NN is some type of a religious NN - that is , they believe they are divine beings , god is talking to them , they are possessed by demons , etc .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
may 10 , the persian ambassador requests that the NNPS move the NNP NN from NNP .	6	10	VBP	move	moves	4
various species of green NN , red NN , NNS , and fungi lack the JJ gene but instead possess a related gene called NNP ( NN NN ) .	1	13	VBP	lack	lacks	12
NNP 's third legal criterion for constitutional NN is the existence of an authority to VB upon the legal validity or NN of laws passed by the nation 's JJ body .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
the protagonist , NNP NNP , is a writer .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the latin names of the city are NNP and NNP NNP .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
part of metro NNP extends into the far northwest from tennessee , while most of the rest of the region is associated more with JJ mass media .	0	4	VBZ	extends	extend	4
details of this battle are not clear , but it is known today that major factor in the NNP victory was that the NNP army used the NN in a decisive manner .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
your biggest concern , in my mind , is the `` no inline citations .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
if someone wants to make the case that a good germans article belongs on wikipedia , i suggest they write one that belongs , and that clearly goes beyond defining a NN .	12	17	VBP	suggest	suggests	5
NNP NNP is an indian writer who writes NNS for NNP as well as novels ; her debut novel , bombay duck is a fish , was published in 2011 .	18	22	VBZ	is	are	4
interstate 99 and interstate CD have been extended in recent years , yet the only maps that have been updated are those that are on the respective pages themselves .	15	20	VBP	are	is	5
NNP passing mention in an article discussing a different issue entirely is insufficient to show notability .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
so whether the reason for double NN is due to NN or simply to make it easier for reviewers to make comments would seem unclear .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
innovations , design and atmosphere or NN are the main points .	0	7	VBP	are	is	7
only three teams that were featured in NNP 3 make a return appearance in NNP fusion ( except ag systems and NNP ) - NN , NNP , and NNP .	2	9	VBP	make	makes	7
VBG mothers and nursing women also get reliable NNS and NNS as well as medical advice throughout the pregnancy and after the child is born .	1	6	VBP	get	gets	5
his experience of the circumstances surrounding sophie NNP 's visit is somewhat more JJ than NNP 's , beginning when he is sexually VBN by of a man at a theater .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
the negative side to this kind of software is usually that it is much more limited in capabilities than server based systems .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the art of true light is the main activity of NNP NNP because , it is believed , this practice can help people to restore their original divine nature as children of god .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
i have RB been doing small NNS in efforts to build my NN but i do know that the first thing people are going to do is google me and what NNP out is .	20	26	VBZ	is	are	6
the original NN and barrel constructed NN later known as the NNP street bridge at the foot of the old village area in mount pleasant is the point where the crew of h .	2	25	VBZ	is	are	23
the nature of christian schools varies RB from country to country , according to the religious , educational , and political cultures .	1	5	VBZ	varies	vary	4
many literary works of authors from montenegro provide examples of the local NNP NN .	2	7	VBP	provide	provides	5
the landing on the south side of the station house has an JJ NN to allow passengers on new lots NNP trains to exit the station without having to go through the station house .	1	10	VBZ	has	have	9
charter does not VB discrimination by churches , associations and businesses , while section 2 of the charter VBZ freedom of religion and section 93 of the constitution recognizes the right to JJ schools in certain cases .	13	18	VBZ	protects	protect	5
the convention which maria NNP has adopted and worked to death is basic to the NN novel , but its roots like in the drama , VBG at least to the renaissance separation of high and low characters by their forms of speech .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
the title character of NNP NNP , NNP ( 1876 ) becomes a NN NN , and jeffrey NNP , the hero of the NNP ( 1878 ) , becomes a VBG NN .	2	11	VBZ	becomes	become	9
an alternative name for the factor is plasma JJ component , given by an independent group in california .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
another version , VBN by a hungarian NN , claims that in CD NNP i of hungary invaded the kingdom of poland , took control of NNP , and installed NNP as its ruler .	1	9	VBZ	claims	claim	8
a town in the state of washington is a municipality that has a population of less than 1 , 500 at NN , however an existing town can VB as a code city .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the story , taking place in the year before the events of the dark portal , is about a young NN named NNP , who is unlike the rest of her kind .	1	16	VBZ	is	are	15
a person without the ability to pay court costs has the option to VB a NN 's oath in order to file a lawsuit without paying filing fees .	1	9	VBZ	has	have	8
all four NN control areas of the station are on platform level .	4	8	VBP	are	is	4
the remnants of this buffalo NN are still in house rock and occasionally VB up on top of the NNP to the grand canyon .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
other prestigious venues they have played include the mercury NNP in NNP .	2	6	VBP	include	includes	4
a plot of the data appears in panel ( a ) of the figure .	1	5	VBZ	appears	appear	4
trilogy by robert NNP and robert anton wilson ( in which characters from NNP NNP appear ) .	11	15	VBP	appear	appears	4
they feed primarily on leaves , NNS , fruits , roots , although they also eat insects , small animals , and NN .	6	15	VBP	eat	eats	9
for example , current models of the operation of the NN molecule that VBZ NNS inside the cell as well as the NN molecule that operates against NN to cause muscle NN ; these molecules control movement in response to chemical NN .	4	35	VBP	control	controls	31
the JJ strength of the NNP NNP at present is CD , consisting of CD duty posts and 40 leave reserves .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the only concern i have with the current table is the blank entry for the junction column .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
this kind of article , for a subject that is unlikely ever to be fa , is what ga is supposed to honor and this one appears to be a model article .	1	16	VBZ	is	are	15
the use of ordinary water makes it necessary to do a certain amount of NN of the uranium fuel before the necessary NN of the reactor can be maintained .	1	5	VBZ	makes	make	4
the streams and NNS , the latter mainly in upper NNP , along with vast fields of NN and JJ NNS , as well as numerous towns of biblical importance , make the region a popular tourist destination .	1	31	VBP	make	makes	30
and , dear god , that NN is the JJS thing in the world .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
a specialist in egyptian history and material culture , NNP is a graduate ( first class honours ) in ancient history from university college london ( 1979 ) .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
orthodox fathers of the church are those who practice the specific old and new testament cure of this NN of religion .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the number of males to females is about equal .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
a path from candidate x to candidate y of strength p is a sequence of candidates c ( 1 ) , .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
the NN in a NNP structure , such as a steel bar , has to undergo the same strain or NN as the surrounding concrete in order to prevent NN , slip or separation of the two materials under load .	1	13	VBZ	has	have	12
after french , the changes in the portuguese NN are the next most thorough from NNP latin .	4	9	VBP	are	is	5
my experience with other st NNS is that they are very precise and JJ , as a matter of corporate culture .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
both in JJ style and tone , the book is reminiscent of maurice NNP , particularly books such as in the night kitchen and we are all in the NNP with jack and guy .	16	25	VBP	Are	Is	9
freshwater NNS surrounding san NNP creek exist in a strip just a few hundred feet wide and draw their water supply primarily from emerging NN .	1	6	VBP	exist	exists	5
the word notable in the title also seems JJ , something must be notable to be included within wikipedia anyway .	1	7	VBZ	seems	seem	6
of note is that canada 's largest companies by value , and largest employers , tend to be VBN in a way that is more typical of a developing nation than a NNP member .	7	15	VBP	tend	tends	8
NNP was chosen , although the origin of this name is unclear for certain .	6	10	VBZ	is	are	4
the chairman of the NNP today is NNP NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
another theme that is VBN all throughout the NNP earth is power .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
NNP ( 1993 ) the supreme court held that the NN standard for VBG guilty or VBG the right to counsel is the same as the NN standard for standing trial established in NNP v .	11	21	VBZ	is	are	10
this shop , although not in south london , has some NNP kit available .	1	9	VBZ	has	have	8
in these applications , the speed of the motor is as accurate as the frequency of the NNS power applied to the motor .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
NNS of specific sectors and programs appear on the outer edge and a lower band with specific sizes .	0	6	VBP	appear	appears	6
islands that border this sea are the lesser NNP islands and NNP ( NNP ) .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
NNP and NNP river valley and NNP hills in the eastern india are NN of the NNP rocks .	7	12	VBP	are	is	5
this type of active suspension uses linear electromagnetic motors attached to each wheel .	1	5	VBZ	uses	use	4
one of the biggest is that the motion of a JJ object tends to create a magnetic field .	7	12	VBZ	tends	tend	5
the concept of the powder of NN plays a significant role in the plot of NNP NNP 's novel the island of the day before .	1	7	VBZ	plays	play	6
if the temperature in the building is higher than the temperature outside , the heat NNS through the elements of construction .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the institutions who compete in the NNP form the membership of the union .	1	7	VBP	form	forms	6
this branch of the NNP family claims america 's first woman NN , NNP NNP , and five generations of massachusetts NNS and public servants beginning with NNP 's husband , NNP NNP .	1	6	VBZ	claims	claim	5
another example of a JJ device commonly used is the first letter of every word system or NN .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
a limited , JJ version of safe web , known as safe web NNP , is available as a NN .	4	15	VBZ	is	are	11
the hebrew word for the office is JJ ( ) .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
her own favorite of the several books , however , is `` the journey of NNP '' , which included , for the first time in any such text , a chapter on spiritual development .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
the history of NNP spain shows that the question is not a new one and suggests that the solutions reached during the many centuries of NNP NN were intelligent and VBN .	1	5	VBZ	shows	show	4
the NNP yang twins sing the middle verses of the song , and the second of the two verses is entirely VBN .	14	19	VBZ	is	are	5
the NNP incarnation flies at NN 3 and others such as NNP fly at NN 4 .	3	12	VBP	fly	flies	9
conventional combines , which use NN NNS , preserve the quality of NN and allow it to be VBN and removed from the field .	1	8	VBP	preserve	preserves	7
examples of his power include a VBN home run in NNP dome ( first in dome history ) , hitting the light unit above the advertisement board in tokyo dome , as well as hitting the JJ stand in the NNP and osaka NNP .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
the second interaction , that of host and NN , differs from JJ interactions in that NNS are much smaller , have much faster generation times , and require a host to VB .	10	17	VBP	are	is	7
the critical point of this principle is that the choice of what to keep is based on personal NN with various opponents over time .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the maximum punishment for a NN is a fine up to 2000 NNS .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
thus the concept of life course implies JJ social phenomena distinct from uniform NN stages and the life span .	2	6	VBZ	implies	imply	4
the NN of the `` win '' NN for the world intelligence network is similar to that of NNP , the abbreviated name of the world NNP security patrol that appears in NNP .	1	13	VBZ	is	are	12
NN NNS for the NNP NNS are available ; however , it may be more cost effective simply to replace the entire panel with a more modern and JJR design from another manufacturer , depending on the number of NNS to be replaced .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
the shells of this species usually have a NN surface , as a consequence of numerous JJ extensions of the surface covering of the shell , the NN .	1	6	VBP	have	has	5
artists as interesting and diverse as marc NNP , whose painting i and the village , ( above ) tells an JJ story that VBZ the relationship between the artist and his origins , with a NN of artistic NNP .	10	19	VBZ	tells	tell	9
the ref picked up by NNP above discusses a JJ NN designed by `` roy NNP '' in 1967 - the chances of any of this happening in czechoslovakia seem minimal , it 's likely another vehicle of the same name .	21	29	VBP	seem	seems	8
another group proposed to be a close relative is the NNP , usually included in the NNP WRB the NNP are .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the head of the committee is always the serving grand NNP of saudi arabia .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
a search of google scholar and google books indicates several references to this organization , including at least one book ( NNP , margaret a short history of the student christian movement in canada ) .	1	8	VBZ	indicates	indicate	7
the full name of the treaty is agreement on NNP of the maritime boundaries between the republic of colombia and the republic of haiti .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
but the new film - or films - is several NNS NN .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
the brazil NN tree ( NNP NN ) is present in the south , but is likely not native this far west in NNP .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
the NNS and heights of the province are the continuation of the central mountain ranges of iran .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
in particular , the NNP mean of a set of JJ random points xi is the NN m of the JJ sum of JJ distances from an arbitrary point to each point of positive probability ( weight ) , assuming this NN is unique .	5	42	VBZ	is	are	37
every other source uses RB as a negative term for book burning , assuming they even use the word NN ( aside from NNP , every other source for this article refers to book burning ) .	27	31	VBZ	refers	refer	4
i would ask those defending the article to address whether the various NNS of the term are indeed consistent .	12	16	VBP	are	is	4
the second open portion ( , NN ) , contains all of the fourth and fifth NNS ( , RB ) and part of the sixth reading ( , RB ) .	3	9	VBZ	contains	contain	6
delaware chief bull 's old town , son of NNP , of NNP lake wildlife management area in NNP county , dates from CD through CD .	5	21	VBZ	dates	date	16
images of living celebrities taken from their performances are fair use violations .	0	8	VBP	are	is	8
NNP rivers , which have changed course since the 1960s , when the boundary was VBN ; JJ conflicts among NNP , NNP , other ethnic groups , associated political rebels , armed NNS , and various government forces VBP in the great lakes region .	1	39	VBP	persist	persists	38
thanks for your consideration and i hope that i can continue to make positive contributions to wikipedia based on relevant facts and not having to continually argue with NNP and his false claims .	0	26	VBP	argue	argues	26
in her audition , dawn stated that she believes that `` the NNS of life '' are `` JJ '' and that we are all `` born into NN '' .	12	16	VBP	are	is	4
possibly internal strain energy within the NN VBZ up it reaches a critical point , when is released by a period of mountain building , then it starts to build up again and VBZ the cycle - a type of NN theory model , or JJ phenomenon .	3	7	VBZ	builds	build	4
JJ director NNP NNP 's acclaimed drama three times ( 2005 ) is silent during its middle third , complete with NNS ; stanley NNP 's the NNP has an opening silent sequence in the style of early silent NNS .	6	12	VBZ	is	are	6
books on the subject are predominantly JJ , and tend towards the forms of training NNS and historical accounts of athletics .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
the concept for the series VBZ from the australian football world tour , which took place in 1967 .	1	5	VBZ	originates	originate	4
NN in case of afd has to be seen as a delete or keep agreement between the editors participating in the afd discussion and not as a JJ for representing a similar opinion .	0	5	VBZ	has	have	5
the highest point in europe other than russia ( which is mostly in asia ) is NNP NNP on the border of france and italy , in the alps .	2	15	VBZ	is	are	13
however , since the only other sources that can be found for this concept are JJ websites and blogs , it appears that the idea has not yet caught on in the business world .	6	14	VBP	are	is	8
an important characteristic of the dense plasma focus is that the energy density of the focused plasma is practically a constant over the whole range of machines , from JJ machines to VB machines , when these machines are VBN for JJ operation .	12	17	VBZ	is	are	5
the flag of san NNP is the `` NNP '' , which looks like military NN , with a narrow vertical white NN on the left side .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
whilst the future of NNS in the uk is not VBN , domestic machine users VBG NNS in the home , users of large NN , and tourists are all potential customers , thereby making the provision valuable to the community .	14	28	VBP	are	is	14
the actual number of popular votes received by kennedy is therefore difficult to VB .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
my contributions and the afds are all public .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
part of the NN of NNP spin is that one can not think of a NNP particle as a body with finite radius .	0	7	VBZ	is	are	7
the song `` NNP NNP '' is a poem written by NNP NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the final room , the hotel de milan room , contains the furniture from room CD of the hotel de milan which is located close to la NNP and where NNP died on 27 january 1901 .	2	10	VBZ	contains	contain	8
this depth of arc NN generation is the consequence of the interaction between NNS , released from the VBG NN , and the arc NN NN that is hot enough to generate JJ NN .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
first aid treatment for a suspected JJ spider NN consists of immediately applying a pressure NN NN ; a technique which consists of VBG the NN NN with a NN NN , as well as applying a NN to limit movement of the NN .	2	9	VBZ	consists	consist	7
NNP ( iv ) NN ( NNP ) is a JJ solid that has a JJ crystal structure with a NN parameter , the distance between unit cells in the crystal , of CD .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
especially the sentence `` restoration of the NNP '' is highly controversial and unacceptable .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
the sculpture of this temple is extremely attractive .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the JJ sierra leone NNP people ( NNP ) are their descendants .	5	9	VBP	are	is	4
the day after a talk with the NNS , NNP is in a NN of guilt .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
the other kind of JJ rocket is one that uses one NN but two NNS , switching between the two in NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
i realize there may be some growing NNS , i think the potential for good things is there .	12	16	VBZ	is	are	4
the fact that irc can be both useful and harmful is JJ .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
the water from the lake flows down from the mountains ; especially from the NNP and NNP NNS .	1	5	VBZ	flows	flow	4
however , the NN of these NNS occurs `` in a JJ pattern '' in healthy NN NNS , and NNS have vision comparable to JJ NNS by 36 to 40 weeks after conception .	3	7	VBZ	occurs	occur	4
the principle of NNP support NN is to make these same requirements documents directly VBP as a collection of tests .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
magazine and her twin sister is robin NNP , who is a culture reporter for the new york times .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
the risk of VBG into cancer is high .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
so my goal for this article is ga status .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP 's JJ service , radio nigeria , has 25 stations located throughout the country , and together with voice of nigeria , considers itself to have the largest radio network in africa .	3	8	VBZ	has	have	5
all these mentions in the lead paragraph are to a horse who never raced in new zealand , but had 50 race starts in australia and won 36 , most of them major races on the australian NN .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
NNS that do not involve death in one way or another are NN ; examples that spring JJS to mind include apollo 13 .	14	20	VBP	include	includes	6
this photograph , taken while standing in the inner gate , shows a view of the courtyard between inner and outer gate and the wooden NN built on top of the outer gate .	1	11	VBZ	shows	show	10
the NN age at diagnosis for all NN is 55 .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
i know this guy is pretty obscure , but the holes in his biography are definitely JJ .	10	14	VBP	are	is	4
however , whether lack of JJ NN is a reliable NN of the disorder is questionable .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the current generation of the g features standard dual front NNS , front and rear side NN NNS , and front side NN NNS .	2	6	VBZ	features	feature	4
the heroes of the story are glenn NNP and his friend NNP .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
at the end of the turn each coin that is completely within a VBN ' ( between two horizontal lines and within the VBG vertical lines ) scores a point for that player in that bed .	7	27	VBZ	scores	score	20
the links on this page go directly to sites where JJ amounts of this stuff are available .	11	15	VBP	are	is	4
the old town of bad NNP is home to a number of historic NNS and NNS dating back to the 16th century .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
a special move during most gameplay modes is the `` finish move '' , can be said the JJS move .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the total length of the dam is which includes the long main dam with an NN core .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
a native of NNP , california , more resides in nearby NNP beach .	1	8	VBZ	resides	reside	7
university has never held an fcc broadcast license , and the opportunity to do so in one of the most JJ and expensive radio markets in the united states VBZ considerable challenges .	11	29	VBZ	poses	pose	18
nominations for the hall of fame are open to the public .	0	6	VBP	are	is	6
the assertion that what i wrote is `` the personal opinion of NNP NNP society '' is NN and NN .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
JJ rats are named because the NNS on the back are more JJ in NN than the NNS on the rest of the body .	6	10	VBP	are	is	4
the primary branches of NNP proper and to some extent central NNP are not RB JJ .	2	12	VBP	are	is	10
NNP NNP NN ( NN ) is another possible cause , and in which other association conditions such as NN , NN , NN and NN can occur .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the one thing that all the stories have in common is the repeated use of water imagery .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
blood NNS ' red NN , NN , is an NN .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
this NN is a NN of the JJS case of the two NNS problem , and the explanation of `` what goes wrong '' is essentially the same .	17	21	VBZ	goes	go	4
the world famous mathematician and philosopher NNP is from NNP .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
VBG chest wound , a potential medical emergency WRB air or gas is present in the JJ NN .	7	12	VBZ	is	are	5
the final team on the entry list comprises the names of 31 athletes .	2	7	VBZ	comprises	comprise	5
the months and the seasons constitute the wooden NN .	1	5	VBP	constitute	constitutes	4
NNP 's first library , an odd NNP library , dates to 1858 , which was opened to the public within a decade , and by 1878 , its ownership was transferred to the city as part of the rogers free library act .	3	10	VBZ	dates	date	7
the aim of the club is to offer children and young people in the vicinity an opportunity to meet and play sports together .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
nevertheless , the mainstream view of medical experts is that drinking three NN ( CD NN ) cups of coffee per day ( considered average or moderate consumption ) does not have significant health risks for adults ( NNS 2007 ) .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
a google search for `` NNP NN '' shows that there is nothing about this NNP .	2	8	VBZ	shows	show	6
the legend of dick NNP VBZ an enormous amount to NNP ( 1834 ) , in which a heavily VBN NNP is one of the main characters .	1	5	VBZ	owes	owe	4
code page CD ( also known as NNP CD , ibm CD , NNP CD ) is a code page used under NNP to write arabic .	1	16	VBZ	is	are	15
withdrawal of the VBN cooking oil is the most important initial step .	0	6	VBZ	is	are	6
NNP 's NN basic example of a linear sequence transformation , offering improved NN , is NNP 's transform .	4	15	VBZ	is	are	11
the heroes of one side are as welcome as those of the other so far as inclusion and treatment in the encyclopedia is concerned ; this NN is RB rejected , just as wikipedia VBZ any pressure to take a stance on any political issue .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
people in this category are members of the 39 NNS task force .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
NNP NNP missile , the NNP 3 has a range of JJ and can support various NNS for a wide range of targets .	2	7	VBZ	has	have	5
his father , charles leslie NNP , is originally from NNP with roots in uganda and NNP and his mother NNP NNP was born in the democratic republic of the congo .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
for example , a world war i liberty bond poster by fernando NNP depicts a german soldier VBG an american soldier , his arms VBP , to the trunk of a tree .	9	13	VBZ	depicts	depict	4
one NN to this basic idea is that function NNS may reference VBG variables .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
other examples of reid 's industrial designs include the NNP building ( circa 1920 ) in atlanta 's JJ district and the scottish NNP NNP hospital for VBN children ( circa 1918 - now known as the NNP at historic scottish NNP ) in NNP .	1	7	VBP	include	includes	6
some such supporters of the JJ state oppose socialism and some forms of NN for VBG the nation state .	2	7	VBP	oppose	opposes	5
the threshold for inclusion on wikipedia is not common knowledge or common sense .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
i think the proof of NNP 's JJ theorem given here is constructive , and can be turned into a method of finding a four squares representation of any positive NN .	3	11	VBZ	is	are	8
all schools of religious thought make enormous assumptions , generally on the basis of NNS VBN by some sign or miracle .	1	5	VBP	make	makes	4
today , most are employed in industry and tourism , but the dress and folklore of the NN is still important .	12	18	VBZ	is	are	6
the NNP NN error of an ink indicates the difference in the `` JJ circle '' between its color and the NN of the corresponding JJ ink color .	3	7	VBZ	indicates	indicate	4
the golden lion NN tends to be active earlier and retire later in the NN , JJ times of the years as the days are longer .	17	24	VBP	are	is	7
darker elements of the gothic appear in the NNP plot line , as she VBZ into NN and fears violence from those surrounding her .	1	5	VBP	appear	appears	4
delete - the only NN of notability i see with this individual is that he has a son who VBD some attention .	4	12	VBZ	is	are	8
the JJ region of a NNP is , generally , an JJ layer of silicon .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP men , typically of the NNP NN , are often JJ as a sign of NN .	1	9	VBP	are	is	8
support as the JJS of the available options at this point , since it merely records what NNP agreed to previously , but did not VB by , when faced with a site ban previously .	0	15	VBZ	records	record	15
the mission that NNP NNP has defined for itself is to bring about intellectual NN of people through the spread of education and to prepare human resources needed for all round development , particularly economic , of the country .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the list of basic mining topics is a very good start .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the book , a NN of the tribes and NNS of the punjab and north-west provinces records - other scholarly references such as in the publications of the NNP also point to the close relation between NNP and NNP .	1	30	VBZ	point	points	29
NN receptor also known as NNP is a protein that in humans is encoded by the NNP gene .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
its link to the international exhibition is also of importance .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
platforms 3 and 4 are JJ NNS used for turning trains back at busy times .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
two songs from the NNP course in class mode , NNP and NNP , feature new another charts only JJ on the course , which are more difficult than their original charts .	1	14	VBP	feature	features	13
a NNP pool operator ( NNP ) is an individual or organization that VBZ or receives funds to use in the operation of a NN pool , NN , investment trust , or other similar fund , specifically for trading in NN interests .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
i RB recall reading NN that the number of us CD coins that are VBN is actually causing a JJ amount of pollution in areas around NNS and other places where the concentration of JJ coins is high .	32	36	VBZ	is	are	4
while the schedule for the canadian channel is generally the same as the u .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
NNP NN and JJ repeat JJ protein 1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the NNP gene .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the most significant example where NNP dialect is used in humorous way is the festival NNP NNP .	3	12	VBZ	is	are	9
the NNS of the NN layer continue to VB during the first NN , when they VBP .	1	6	VBP	continue	continues	5
the best way to get an intimate knowledge of policy is to fight down in the NNS in afd , NNP , or something like it .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
oppose basic NN of copyright issues as here and in above discussions indicates other issues could be equally VBN .	2	12	VBZ	indicates	indicate	10
the city on the NNP is a former imperial free city and is the seat of NNP county .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
large NNS such as NNP and glen canyon typically release water from lower levels of their NNS , resulting in stable and relatively cold JJ temperatures in long reaches of the river .	1	9	VBP	release	releases	8
the positive NN NNS that approach the negative NN mostly combine with negative NN NNS to form water .	3	10	VBP	combine	combines	7
the centre of the village , where the pub is located is a JJ junction .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
the image on the cover is significant because it was made by a famous artist , NNP fear ( band ) .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
any religion whose only fruit is NN to itself is a NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the relative state interpretation of quantum mechanics is an attempt to understand the experience of observers using only quantum mechanical NNS .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the chief state school officer , either a secretary of education , state superintendent of education , superintendent of public instruction , commissioner of education or director of education , is a constitutional or a statutory officer in several states of the united states .	4	30	VBZ	is	are	26
while this has been accomplished in a variety of different ways , the basic idea of a third character having to choose between the two twins is common to most plots involving evil twins .	14	26	VBZ	is	are	12
the main NN to the construction of this structure is the presence of the a7 on the banks of the NNP at NNP .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the NN theory of substance thus VBZ the substance theories of NNP , NNP , and more recently , j .	2	6	VBZ	rejects	reject	4
still another NN of the special collections contains native speakers VBG place names , people names and NNS from well-known plays often produced in the theatre .	2	7	VBZ	contains	contain	5
her favourite book of all time is the secret history by donna NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
in this regard , older NNS designed at a time of relatively JJ labour and limited NN tend to present the greatest difficulties for maintenance .	5	17	VBP	tend	tends	12
today the number of items VBN is over CD .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
a positive example of local government acting in the interests of soil health is the joint approach of the NNP and NNP councils ( of nsw and vic respectively ) to address urban erosion and NN .	2	13	VBZ	is	are	11
after the completion of the game , a new class , NNP fighter , becomes available .	9	14	VBZ	becomes	become	5
the resulting conflict between joyce and NNP is both tragic and humorous .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
bacteria living in this JJ include NNP NN or the newly discovered species NNP NN .	0	5	VBP	include	includes	5
NN hi are you sure that `` translation of the sanskrit writing NNP by NNP is the earliest writing on medicine VBG an entirely JJ and JJ diet '' i though that NNP was earlier .	7	15	VBZ	is	are	8
the invention of NNP NNP is not commonly known , but was invented by a small time entrepreneur named andrew r .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
if the NN and NN limit agree for every x , then they agree in particular for c , hence the derivative of f exists at c and is equal to zero .	21	28	VBZ	is	are	7
its precise location in the san gabriel valley is unknown .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the division of continuing education offers many distance learning and online degree programs .	1	5	VBZ	offers	offer	4
VBN processes , such as the NN of a portion of the NN tree , are more likely to produce VBG at that location , hence the sound will be JJ and VB RB .	1	15	VBP	are	is	14
popular rolling stock NNS such as NNP and NNP for electric and diesel locomotives ; NNP and NNP for passenger coaches are production units of indian railways .	3	21	VBP	are	is	18
spreading centers in the gulf , like this one in NNP , are different from more well known spreading NNS like the JJ ridge and east pacific rise , since they form as deep NN valleys rather than JJ NNS .	1	12	VBP	are	is	11
the total length of the river is CD .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the current members of the band as of now are austin NNP , alan NNP , aaron NNP , NNP NNP and phil NNP .	2	9	VBP	are	is	7
the use of that term implies that i have recruited others to my side for some JJ purpose .	1	5	VBZ	implies	imply	4
NNP NNP ' younger brother , mark NNP , is also a professional hockey player in scotland .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
NNP looks after NNP , which her cousin ( NNP NNP ) objects to , as he loves her .	7	12	VBZ	objects	object	5
the JJ nerve , the largest branch of the NN NN , VBZ from the dorsal divisions of the JJ NN of the second , third , and fourth NN NNS ( NNP ) .	2	12	VBZ	arises	arise	10
another path that can be chosen is to let the system undergo a JJ JJ expansion in which the volume is doubled .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the first generally accepted example of a song cycle is NNP 's an die NN NNP ( op .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
many case examples and a modest body of controlled outcome research the philosophy of social NN , which is VBN in NNP , VBZ that reality is VBN by people acting on their interpretations and their knowledge of it .	12	23	VBZ	asserts	assert	11
a team of JJ men arrives on the scene .	1	5	VBZ	arrives	arrive	4
alliance for middle east peace ( NNP ) is a group of over 70 leading JJ organizations working to foster NN between NNP and NNPS , and between arabs and jews in the middle east .	0	8	VBZ	is	are	8
she successfully VBZ with the bull 's owner , NNP mac NNP , to rent the animal for a year until her NNS , drunk , reveal that they would have taken the bull by force even if they had not been allowed to VB it .	22	26	VBP	reveal	reveals	4
this stream , known as the lesser NNP , flows north into lake NNP .	1	9	VBZ	flows	flow	8
it turns out that a new painting in the gallery is a lost van NNP , which NNP thinks is an NN , as `` death follows it '' .	6	10	VBZ	is	are	4
the study , published in the journal public health NNP , shows that additional government regulation of JJ NN is needed to protect consumers .	1	11	VBZ	shows	show	10
the big NN of the NNP ' NN and NNS in general is longer and has a deeper NN compared to that of NNS .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
the wings of the NN have NNS of shields of the british commonwealth and empire .	1	5	VBP	have	has	4
NNP an unofficial port of NNP linux is available .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
international companies with major research centres in the region include NNP NNP , NNP , leo NNP , NNP NNPS , and NNP .	1	9	VBP	include	includes	8
NNP reference as it is a tourist NN , and the location of the mansion is sufficiently VBN not to require a reference anyway .	11	15	VBZ	is	are	4
the NNP `` royal regulations '' chapter of the NNP uses cooking food and eating NNS to RB VB the chinese `` middle kingdom '' bordered by the `` four NNPS '' ( eastern NNP , southern man , western NNP , and northern di ) .	6	10	VBZ	uses	use	4
the origin of the black cat symbol is unclear , but according to one story it came from a NNP strike that was going badly .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the lead girl in the video is the model jessica NNP , who plays the role of jay sean 's love interest in the music video .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP suggest that a part of the VBN na leads to the NN of NN , in the NNS cause by the volume decrease resulting from the transformation of NN to VB .	4	9	VBZ	leads	lead	5
the uk NNS for light NNS are bc ( NN cap ) , NNP ( NNP NNP ) , and NNP ( small NNP NN ) .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
plastic NNS , which escape the NN collection process , often end up in streams , which then lead them to end up in the open ocean .	1	11	VBP	end	ends	10
in addition , companies in the ai group have offices in mumbai , des NNP , new york , toronto , chicago , manhattan beach , boston , dublin , luxembourg , melbourne , warsaw , milan and madrid .	3	8	VBP	have	has	5
power production continues as planned despite the NN , and the water from the NN now provides two NNS of the water issued by the reservoir for agriculture in downstream areas .	11	16	VBZ	provides	provide	5
the total length of the river is CD km and drainage area is CD NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
a consequence of the decline in NN in stage two is an increasingly rapid rise in population growth ( a `` population explosion '' ) as the gap between deaths and NNS grows wider .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
one model of organizing objectives uses NNS .	1	5	VBZ	uses	use	4
your contributions in the mainspace are great , but you have little experience elsewhere .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the nearest point to the surface in the caves is at the top of the shaft in the devil 's kitchen , 52 .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
a NN of the latter enzyme leads to higher levels of NN and a NN of the intermediate breakdown product NN , causing the signs and symptoms of NN type ii .	1	6	VBZ	leads	lead	5
other villages in the municipality include NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , and NNP .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
note that a category would not serve the same purpose , because this incorporates other helpful information about the NNS in table form .	0	13	VBZ	incorporates	incorporate	13
it is only in later version that the third line , RB there is not a single thing , can be found .	9	13	VBZ	is	are	4
i ask because our article on la NNP currently VBZ the reader that it 's pronounced `` JJ NN '' , which to my eye looks like and needs replacing with something less RB inaccurate .	4	9	VBZ	advises	advise	5
his other credits as a television director include , lone star , NNP , the chicago code , sons of NNP , NNP , NNP kings and the walking dead .	2	7	VBP	include	includes	5
this person may possibly meet notability criteria , however the tone of the proposed article is not neutral .	10	15	VBZ	is	are	5
NN NN of NNP university is also the largest NN in NNP province .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the number on the label represents a JJ passenger plane .	1	5	VBZ	represents	represent	4
the irish rovers concert performances and album releases are full of his compositions .	4	8	VBP	are	is	4
the plot of the story depicts a conflict between good and evil , VBN through the NNP NNP created by the character dr .	1	5	VBZ	depicts	depict	4
facilities in the village include a small local shopping centre with a post office at NNP .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
highly JJ structures , such as airplane NNS and components , rely on VBG as a JJ failure mode .	2	11	VBP	rely	relies	9
a 2011 paper in current biology describes an early NN .	2	6	VBZ	describes	describe	4
flowers of NNP NN have flowers reminiscent of the flower of a common NN , NNP NN .	0	4	VBP	have	has	4
the NNS in robot hell are similar to the levels and rationale portrayed in NNP 's divine comedy , specifically the NNP .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the interval between NN attacks is extremely variable and how long the attack VBZ is also variable .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
eventually the son , NNP , learns that he is actually an alien .	2	6	VBZ	learns	learn	4
her most recent novel , southern NNP , is the first NN of a mystery series featuring the character jersey barnes .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
claims to JJ covers are n't verifiable and she brings up only CD NNS .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
the interpretation of the JJ theorem is that the universe ( JJ and JJ ) VBZ by an enormous factor during inflation .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the purpose of this new organisation is to extend the humanitarian mine NN activities already carried out by the NNP into other sectors such as mine risk education and victim assistance .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
also , historical perspective is needed ; the three issues of NN , rule changes and financial problems for small teams are not new .	9	21	VBP	are	is	12
this new type of nitrogen cooling is still under patent .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
his son , randy NNP is a NN , and has worked on a number of films .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
additional information about the NNP mission is available at [ 3 ] .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
a JJ block , implemented in association with the international short film festival NNP , also forms part of this section .	2	16	VBZ	forms	form	14
performance tasks , such as NN , NN , essay items , are JJ .	1	12	VBP	are	is	11
the country 's best jazz musicians are featured during jazz  la NNP , but major worldwide players like NNP NNP also perform .	17	22	VBP	perform	performs	5
the least square solution in this case is also known as NN ( NNP ) .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the current capital of the state of vermont is NNP .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
this image of a document is from `` the NNP institute '' at san diego state university .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
oak trees , in response to VBG or infection often produce NNS , JJ NNS of the vessels ' cell walls that can function to JJ NNS and prevent NNS from spreading .	1	10	VBP	produce	produces	9
even these early works , done with almost no professional training , show NNP 's sense of design , use of light and shadow , and his VBG interest in the lives of ordinary people .	3	12	VBP	show	shows	9
list of diplomatic missions of greece is JJR in scope .	0	6	VBZ	is	are	6
his major works from the 1980s are his two `` children 's operas '' , where the wild things are and NNP NNP pop !	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
a note on the title page indicates that this symphony entered the possession of the danish NNP NNP ( probably from NNP ) by 1793 at the latest , with the NN in the paper of the orchestral parts showing the date CD .	1	6	VBZ	indicates	indicate	5
reading the article will help you understand why a simple list of chronic symptoms is not going to be very accurate , although the list of possible symptoms and JJ damage is there .	24	31	VBZ	is	are	7
the origins of the cult of NNP are uncertain , but the name is found in inscriptions from NNP in northern arabia ( across the territory of modern syria and iraq ) .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
length of NNS for JJ oil is .	0	6	VBZ	is	are	6
the park 's location on lake ontario makes it a perfect stop over for VBG birds along the michigan NNP .	3	7	VBZ	makes	make	4
specific claims about jews and money are virtually entirely examples of NN .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
traditional filipino shopping areas , while now VBN by more modern shopping NNS , maintain a presence in metro manila .	3	14	VBP	maintain	maintains	11
the country seat of the two colleges is at monte NNP NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
a JJ girl named NNP NNP VBZ she has a way of connecting to the world around her , a thousand years before .	2	6	VBZ	imagines	imagine	4
the public NNS in a number of countries are basically an application of the model used in britain .	2	8	VBP	are	is	6
the master of science in risk management program for executives is a NNP school of business program .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
the skeleton of the horse has three major functions in the body .	1	5	VBZ	has	have	4
the origin of the name `` NNP NNP '' comes from JJ written on a NN at NNP 's NN .	1	9	VBZ	comes	come	8
so far , the titles that have been included are those that the `` man in the street '' would call a `` novel '' .	4	9	VBP	are	is	5
the current RB home , the NNP NNP , dates from this time .	3	9	VBZ	dates	date	6
to my mind the explanation of this should be sought in the fact that we , being catholics attended the church where the sweet sounds of organ music are not only JJ but help develop a good ear .	24	28	VBP	are	is	4
NN , the JJ version of the engineering index , is a comprehensive engineering JJ database .	4	10	VBZ	is	are	6
that said , perhaps the name of the page is a mere NN dog , being pointed to by those who would seek to prevent me from keeping an JJ diff ( s ) log .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
the recommended engines for the rebel are the VBG NNP , the NNP NNP and the NNP CD , although NNP et al .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the text of all editions is probably identical , though NN has published a full JJ study .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the main town and seat of the district council is NNP , and other towns in the district include NNP , shannon , and NNP .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
a notable example of one such NN aircraft that uses a JJ wing is the NNP NNP iii .	2	13	VBZ	is	are	11
blp violation in that there is nothing in the sourcing which is a reliable source from which to create a blp .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
all other transportation NNS , as noted below , require an elevation climb to the top of the NNP mountain .	3	9	VBP	require	requires	6
the principal sections into which the tribe is divided are the NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	2	9	VBP	are	is	7
the exact reason for JJ noise relating to JJ processing is still not currently understood , but a great deal of theories have been proposed .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
the windows in the NN are slightly larger and have a more complex design .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
his campaign NNS - all with battle stars - include the NNP eastern campaign medal , NNP campaign medal and the philippine liberation ribbon .	2	9	VBP	include	includes	7
the concept of the video is about mars having a good time with his NNS doing things like smoking , drinking beer and playing games .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
CD - 2010 census - sugar city , idaho - accessed JJ is part of the NNP NNP statistical area .	3	12	VBZ	is	are	9
JJ infection in the united states appears to be rare .	1	6	VBZ	appears	appear	5
the writer , it will be seen , makes free use of the new testament .	1	8	VBZ	makes	make	7
the discovery in the library at NNP of a manuscript copy written at NNP by NNP , a monk who died in CD , places the original before that date .	1	24	VBZ	places	place	23
the election of many officers on a single general ticket , is not compatible with the freedom and NN of the representative system .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
the squadron claimed the kill , but the german version of the encounter is either that NNP 's NNP NNP broke up after his NN gear failed and he shot off his own NN , or that he was hit by friendly fire from german NN guns .	9	13	VBZ	is	are	4
the lack of formal legislation establishing cabinet leaves the powers of its members only loosely defined .	1	7	VBZ	leaves	leave	6
the contrast between the two brothers is one of the main themes of the show .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
after all , the official name of the series is super NNP bros .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
the ability to perform NNS engineering with NNP over a range that provides a good NN match to NN , makes NNP suitable for solar NN cells .	1	20	VBZ	makes	make	19
carbon NNS ( NNS ) , single molecules , or block NNS are common templates .	7	12	VBP	are	is	5
i would have voted delete for almost any other template like this , but the topic of VBG animals is so JJ and unusual , it NNS having a template to give it that much extra attention .	15	19	VBZ	is	are	4
since the war the gardens have been run by a committee of local residents as the estate now takes no part in the running .	2	18	VBZ	takes	take	16
however , the level of detail in some NNS is , in my view , RB NN .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
these miniature versions of JJ NNS VBP more light with less power ; they use approximately JJ the energy of the average JJ light NN .	2	6	VBP	emit	emits	4
the area of the town is .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the springs of the major hungarian rivers are outside the country .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
ben begins to enjoy his lessons and diane sees potential in him , despite his sometimes JJ and overly emotional NNS about his JJ family , and his history of NN - to diane 's horror he holds a knife to his NN during one of their NNS .	28	37	VBZ	holds	hold	9
her parents , more concerned with their own issues , believe their daughter is just going through a phase .	1	10	VBP	believe	believes	9
the reason it 's `` fair use '' is because wikimedia does n't have a free picture .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
in fact , combination of words and physical image is a great mix only if amount of properly sourced text is adequate ( or more than that ) enough to justify an image .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
members of the praise class continue to serve as NNS and NNS for the church today .	0	5	VBP	continue	continues	5
the discovery of this certificate appears to have closed the case as far as edinburgh was concerned , but other NNS adopted edinburgh 's position of NN with NN .	1	5	VBZ	appears	appear	4
several ordinary gasoline vehicles from the 2001 and later model years qualify as NNP .	3	11	VBP	qualify	qualifies	8
a rising city within a JJ NNP de NNP is a NNP inspired development that VBZ the best of the history , culture , architecture , and arts of NNP and people from NNP island .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the building surrounding the towers is the old central bank .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
NN of NNP securities ( ross ) is the official record of absolute ownership , legal or beneficial title or interest in NNP .	0	7	VBZ	is	are	7
editor of the journal is lisa berry , who is based at the journal 's head office in NNP , london .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
neighborhoods served by the school include NNP and NNP .	0	5	VBP	include	includes	5
NNS , folk dancers , rope NNS , and square dancers provide additional entertainment venues for festival NNS .	3	11	VBP	provide	provides	8
the core identity of the article remains through these JJ changes ( see NN or the ship of NNP problem , for example ) .	2	6	VBZ	remains	remain	4
the material you deleted in your quote is the most important material , and informs us what the concern of the guideline is .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the shape of the NNP estate forms a complete loop and includes a small row of shops with NNS above .	1	6	VBZ	forms	form	5
the designers of software NNS aim to facilitate software development by allowing designers and NNS to VB their time to meeting software requirements rather than dealing with the more standard JJ details of providing a working system , thereby reducing overall development time .	1	5	VBP	aim	aims	4
the former hotel site near the mouth of hotel NNP is now a NN for NNP wilderness state park .	3	10	VBZ	is	are	7
the condition of the NN is the real basis and point of departure of all social movements of the present because it is the highest and most JJ NN of the social NN existing in our day .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the most important issue relating to these particular photos is whether they are uploaded by the subject .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
this is when high risk parties and low risk parties choose to pay a different risk premium .	5	10	VBP	choose	chooses	5
the building that was NNP high school is now the NNP NNP school , an elementary school in the NNP school district .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
compositions she VBD with wells on that album are `` say anything '' , `` silly one '' , `` being in love '' .	0	8	VBP	are	is	8
the VBG language of `` draft '' , `` in progress '' , `` not consensus '' etc is all over the place .	2	18	VBZ	is	are	16
the list of JJ men is way too long .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
two men a and b start from west gate .	1	5	VBP	start	starts	4
the possibility that there might be future disputes about content is not a criterion for deletion .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
a salt with a deadly NNP is the second album by female rap trio NNP , released on next plateau records .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the order of the knights of holy judgement tends to attract the NNS who VBP the `` JJ '' part of their dedication to NNP .	1	8	VBZ	tends	tend	7
some articles such as kingston upon hull have multiple entries .	1	7	VBP	have	has	6
JJ rebels - the rebels are the football team of 5th , 6th , 7th and 8th grade students .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
here , a fixed point of a set of maps is a point that is fixed by each map in the set .	4	10	VBZ	is	are	6
the pool in this terrace has nine NNS .	1	5	VBZ	has	have	4
the popular film on the beach shows the last remnants of humanity in australia VBG the end of the human race after a nuclear war .	2	6	VBZ	shows	show	4
the rank of knight bachelor ( NNP ) is a part of the british honours system .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the chief poets whose influence can be detected are the JJ NNP de NNP and of the NNPS NNP da NNP , NNP NNP NNP , and NNP NNP .	2	8	VBP	are	is	6
an advanced form of NN as a result of formation of plaque is NN .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
the central band of the japanese maritime NNP force traditionally considers this first group of cadet musicians as the earliest of japan 's naval bands .	2	10	VBZ	considers	consider	8
most information gathered about the location of cape NN snakes is JJ , but the area in which they range is RB diverse .	15	20	VBZ	is	are	5
the material on the NNP killer page is stronger .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the original manuscript of the novel , held by the victoria and albert museum ( requires NNP flash ) .	2	15	VBZ	requires	require	13
NNP area 40 , or NNP , is part of the NN in the human brain .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the end of the NN has a ball attachment which keeps it in place .	1	5	VBZ	has	have	4
celebrities who have voiced themselves include michael NNP , NNP NNP , jay NNP , robert smith , and the bands NNP and NNP .	0	5	VBP	include	includes	5
the best way out of that trap is conduct rfc .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
when NNP is reluctant to part with the coin , the only thing that is keeping the NNP from VBG them , NNP turns on the NN and VBZ him , so NNP hands her the coin .	12	23	VBZ	turns	turn	11
the 1967 novel dirty story by eric NNP depicts the NNS of the NN petty criminal arthur NNP simpson who takes up a career as a NN for a JJ mining company in central africa .	2	8	VBZ	depicts	depict	6
the JJ rule is a rule that says no user may make more than three reverts to any page in a JJ period , so a violation of the 3rr rule is the fourth revert in a JJ period .	26	31	VBZ	is	are	5
the platform height at most stations is 38 NNS .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
stores located near NNP are NNP , giant tiger , food NNP , real canadian NNP and NNP .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
NNP 's theorem on induced characters implies that all NNP NNS are products of positive and negative integral powers of NNP NNP , and are therefore JJ in the whole complex plane .	2	6	VBZ	implies	imply	4
fair use in twins effect IN this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
my original point two years ago stands .	2	6	VBZ	stands	stand	4
current NNS of NNP 's turkish NNP include chocolate , NN , NN , and NN .	1	7	VBP	include	includes	6
as for the rest , the words of the individuals are RB evident from the links i provided .	6	10	VBP	are	is	4
the reference to JJ legislation likely includes JJ legislation and NNS on VBG VBN animals with wild NNS and NNS , or NNS on VBG such NNS , or NNS VBG JJ species whether JJ or crossed with other wild species , such as NNS .	1	6	VBZ	includes	include	5
the latest major version of NNP stone is version 4 NNP .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
a JJ translation of the original title is `` life is a novel [ or story , romance ] '' ; in the film the french NN ( or NN ) is attributed to napoleon .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
NNP faction in NNP dynasty has different skills , NNS , NNS and styles of play .	1	5	VBZ	has	have	4
because the train does not have NNS , the whole length of the train is available for passenger seats , including the first car .	10	14	VBZ	is	are	4
differing from the original plan , all photos of those NNS in service show some installations above the NNS ; on the hungarian cars there were NNS , on the romanian cars long VBP tubes .	7	13	VBP	show	shows	6
its relation to extant NNS called `` one morning in may '' is unclear .	8	12	VBZ	is	are	4
this article about a regional geological feature is a stub .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
an easy way for a NN to tell a shark from a NN fish is by looking at the NNS .	2	14	VBZ	is	are	12
in molecular biology , the NN domain ( csd ) is a protein domain of about 70 amino acids which has been found in JJ and JJ JJ proteins .	6	10	VBZ	is	are	4
this position on the water makes erie county the only county in pennsylvania to share a border with canada , which is located on the far shore of the lake .	1	5	VBZ	makes	make	4
the annual festival of NN temple ( NNP NNP ) is a JJ event .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
ironically , this is one of the things that requires the admin tools , at least for the NNS and the NN ( the afds will be shown on your contributions page because the afd discussion page that is created remains .	36	40	VBZ	remains	remain	4
symptoms of mild NN NN are diverse .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
only to VB , almost half the ip edits i see on my watchlist are helpful , often very much so .	8	14	VBP	are	is	6
things like NNS of NN between astronomical NNS exist in the scientific literature , NN .	0	8	VBP	exist	exists	8
you can already convert VBN and JJ NNS , you just have to choose appropriate material systems .	7	11	VBP	have	has	4
a version called NNP NNP also exists , with JJ versions of the letters a and g , but it is not for sale to the general public .	1	6	VBZ	exists	exist	5
today the area formerly covered by the reading constituency is within the constituencies of reading east and reading west .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
to this end , any NNP beer which is sold anywhere else in the world is grey market beer , as no NNS or NNS are supplied with the beer .	6	15	VBZ	is	are	9
since the 1960s , a substantial proportion of the population comes from abroad or the rest of switzerland .	6	10	VBZ	comes	come	4
heavy NN driver , mark king is half way through a marathon job .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
not every news story that mentions a notable building is notable .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
reconstruction of the broken NNP NNP NN seems to define the rarely VBN NNP or NNP as the full moon .	0	7	VBZ	seems	seem	7
one class , animal behavior , requires observation time in the los angeles zoo .	1	6	VBZ	requires	require	5
membership to the online loyalty association is via a monthly subscription and the association has grown from its inception to include other loyalty sites such as NNP .	0	6	VBZ	is	are	6
every person , who is JJ to contract , is JJ to transfer property , which can be transferred in whole or in part .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the name `` NNP '' , however , is probably a corruption of the NNP , which means `` bay of the NN '' - this may refer to a snake .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
i believe the list of sovereign states represents the actual statute of western NNP better than the actual list of countries .	3	7	VBZ	represents	represent	4
a wheel that is VBN on the center plane ( the plane JJ to the rotation axis ) causes a JJ NN of the NN .	1	18	VBZ	causes	cause	17
however , one NN from a NNP 's `` wheat bread '' NN , gives the RB same experience as a NN of NNP 's white bread .	3	14	VBZ	gives	give	11
the distant NNP field formed in this way by the NN of a charge carries energy with it that `` NNS '' away through space , hence the term for it .	3	14	VBZ	carries	carry	11
although the melody of the chorus is unique within the piece , it is in JJ unity with the verses .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP is produced by iron crown enterprises , the same company that produces NNP , but the mechanics of the system are very much simplified in comparison .	17	21	VBP	are	is	4
the license tag used for this image identifies the copyright holder as the NN , which does n't VB because it is a NN .	2	7	VBZ	identifies	identify	5
NNP 's rivals , NNP international airport and NNP international airport , are JJ .	2	12	VBP	are	is	10
NNS ( NN officers in the `` NN '' or VBG area ) are often police or military personnel , ready to handle potentially JJ persons who refuse to VB with first NNS .	3	13	VBP	are	is	10
support an examination of his contributions reveals that tony is an RB qualified editor who has a sound knowledge of wikipedia policy .	2	6	VBZ	reveals	reveal	4
village of cross keys is a privately owned JJ area of baltimore , maryland .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
sounds to us like you need the thought screen helmet .	0	5	VBP	need	needs	5
after 25 , JJ JJ NN process , NNP NNP is available on the charter market .	6	10	VBZ	is	are	4
the contractor , NNP , provides much of the infrastructure behind television , radio , satellite and wireless communications in the uk .	1	5	VBZ	provides	provide	4
however , neither publication identified who actually came up with the NN so it is JJ that someone like dr .	3	14	VBZ	is	are	11
another building to the rear of the one facing the street , also 15 NNS long but only one NN high , also dates back to the 17th century in its original form but underwent NNS in the 18th century and again later .	19	23	VBZ	dates	date	4
the idea that all information VBN within a NN is JJ is JJ .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
these lists that you mentioned are particularly different from the ones i nominated .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the shape which she holds in her hand is a skull .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
may 2006 ) that this version of the team VBZ NNP .	5	9	VBZ	inhabits	inhabit	4
part of the problem is , there are no admins reverting , only NNS , so each NN account is getting JJ edits in before getting blocked .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
comment the article as it is now is JJ , but this should be done without prejudice against recreation since it seems like an acceptable topic for an article .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
NNS energy supplies electricity , NNP energy supplies gas , NNP provides JJ telephone service , and NNP provides cable service .	8	18	VBZ	provides	provide	10
it VBZ an important fact -- it 's hard for JJ males to support their perspective without original research because the means of publishing in the society tend to be white male owned and operated .	21	27	VBP	tend	tends	6
with personnel representing different departments , its partner committee , the metropolitan executive committee , makes some decisions but primarily VBZ the municipal council .	8	15	VBZ	makes	make	7
however , electronic gaming monthly stated how `` changes to the NN gameplay itself are barely JJ .	8	14	VBP	are	is	6
the longest road in the country is the highlands highway which links NNP and NNP to the highlands region .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
NN of foods to NNS is also common .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
the number of articles that are permanently tagged with some sort of maintenance tag is just ridiculous .	1	14	VBZ	is	are	13
a primary characteristic of the NN gene is the dorsal NN , and most NNS also have visual leg NN .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the daughter of a neighbor NN in the window , sees what is happening , and quickly leaves .	1	10	VBZ	sees	see	9
this area near the north carolina border is home to NNS and the vacation homes of others from the atlanta area , at and near lake NNP .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
according to folklore , the reason for the NN of the parish church is that originally the st .	5	13	VBZ	is	are	8
NN was extensively used in many building materials , therefore large quantities of NN still remain in buildings that were built prior to the restriction of NN use that applies in many countries .	11	15	VBP	remain	remains	4
the rest of this stuff is JJ ' put for who knows how long , but we do n't want that to get buried .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
a NN of this technique uses a NN program to VB through NN , thus making every copy of the document unique .	1	5	VBZ	uses	use	4
the soil in the highlands tends to be RB well VBN .	1	5	VBZ	tends	tend	4
the reason NN NNS have VBN is to avoid VBG when the surface of the road is NN or wet .	12	16	VBZ	is	are	4
an art gallery opened on the empress deck allowing passengers to view artwork available at NNS held RB , and a new photo gallery on the NNP deck allows passengers to view photos taken by staff NN .	23	28	VBZ	allows	allow	5
this page , an JJ copy and paste of the 23 may 2006 version , contains no useful history .	1	15	VBZ	contains	contain	14
as mentioned above , the volunteers of NNP NNP are primarily young NNS from diverse ethnic and linguistic backgrounds .	5	9	VBP	are	is	4
an inherent problem with theoretical NNS of VBG positions , and their a supposed NN , is that they fail to take into account the context in which they are used .	2	16	VBZ	is	are	14
NN 's lack of trust for michael is evident and she can not accept that he is interested in her , not her money .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
exact set lists during this tour are still JJ , due partly to the lack of early live led NNP NN recordings .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
this is due to the fact that the extraordinary wave VBG through a JJ crystal possesses a NNP vector that is not parallel with the NN vector .	9	15	VBZ	possesses	possess	6
the only known host for NNP NNS is humans , however a new species , `` NNP NN has been discovered to cause NN in birds .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
another famous NN of liu NNP has him VB and a NNP NNP arcade game machine drop down and crush his opponent .	2	6	VBZ	has	have	4
the nearest community of any size to NNP is NNP , oklahoma .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
these NNS , like the many recreational NNS , mostly operate for tourists and run around the bay in various locations .	1	10	VBP	operate	operates	9
one surprise at the top , during the right season , is the population of lady bugs on the summit .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
step across the border is more than a just a soundtrack .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
according to , the earliest known paper about the ham NN theorem , specifically the case of VBG three NNS with a plane , is by .	6	24	VBZ	is	are	18
like other hospitals in the sisters of providence health system , ( a member of catholic health east , ) mercy is a community of persons committed to being a NN , healing presence within the knowledge corridor metropolitan area .	13	21	VBZ	is	are	8
NNS , NN to say , are not fortifications .	0	6	VBP	are	is	6
organisms such as the NN plants NNP worked on , along with many plants and animals , have two NNS for each NN , one inherited from each parent .	0	17	VBP	have	has	17
the earliest works were in JJ german ( johann martin NNP , NNP NNP ) ; the works of NNP NNP which were published at the same time are in swiss standard german , but use many expressions of JJ german .	17	28	VBP	are	is	11
a simple way to hear the relationship between these notes is by playing them on a piano keyboard .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
the JJ age of the population is 33 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP receptor NN 1 ( NNP ) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the NNP gene .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the opening of the NNP bus is an important step in this direction .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
and the chance aspects of how the car is hidden and how an JJ door is opened are unknown .	3	17	VBP	are	is	14
traditional JJ vessels such as NNS and NN NNS benefit from increased lateral stability without VBG speed , and these advantages have been successfully applied in twin hull NNS of the w type .	2	9	VBP	benefit	benefits	7
classes in math , science , history , language arts , and foreign language are available , along with a variety of NNS and JJ honors and advanced placement ( ap ) level courses .	0	14	VBP	are	is	14
the standard way of RB VBG image data is to use a raw image format .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the many aboriginal versions of this JJ cook ' are rarely oral NNS of encounters with the lieutenant james cook who first VBD and VBD australia 's east coast on the NNP NNP NNP in CD .	3	9	VBP	are	is	6
the main industry on the island is sugar NN production , especially in the north .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
VBN NN disorder ( NNP ) is an NN disorder that is characterized by excessive , JJ , JJ and often JJ worry about everyday things that is JJ to the actual source of worry .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the output from the counter VBZ what bit from the NN input should be sent to the output y , ( the NN of which is sent to the output NNP .	1	5	VBZ	selects	select	4
the sole record of the NNP and their towns is their mention by NNP in c .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
industry and construction account for approximately JJ of NNP and labor , while agriculture is responsible for 2 .	3	14	VBZ	is	are	11
NNP is the largest village in this block , people of this village are JJ NNP from NNP during NNP period .	9	13	VBP	are	is	4
NNP 's role in the crime is in dispute , even by the police .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the crown NN of spain 's next decade of infrastructure construction is the spanish high speed rail network , NNP NNP NNP ave .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
NNP NNP ( JJ NNP ) ( born 24 october 1984 ) is an indian author whose critically acclaimed book the NNP 's daughter is about JJ people and their culture .	19	24	VBZ	is	are	5
the JJ side of the fruit is green when NN , red when NN , and the inside is red or deep pink .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the dates for NNP 's NNS are JJ ; t .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
while the information in the NNP book is still accessible today , there were great fears that the NN of the NNP project would become JJ as computers capable of reading the format had become rare and drives capable of VBG the NN even NN .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
article 79 of the constitution of belarus gives the status of head of state to the president of the republic of belarus .	0	7	VBZ	gives	give	7
the NNP core on the NNP has a JJ time NN device , used to escape the NNP in .	2	6	VBZ	has	have	4
but apart from one explicit claim of conspiracy , the rest of the discussion is about essentially open industry NN , so the section is broken .	10	14	VBZ	is	are	4
currently the only things it has that have the appearance of being sources are links to its own site and NNS to a local web hosting service .	3	13	VBP	are	is	10
the core of the program consists of meetings between young NNS from all over the world , who are taken care for by the italian NNP youth and are hosted by the local authorities , and local students from primary and high schools .	1	5	VBZ	consists	consist	4
the village of NNP NNP is one of the oldest communities in isle NNP , in cape NNP , dating back to the 18th century .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the only thing close to a landmark is `` the ship inn '' , which is located RB , by the village green .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
however , only members producing NNP or NNP ( a type of NNP ) are eligible for this scheme .	3	14	VBP	are	is	11
by the 21st century , the NNP organization 's JJ list of the 500 fastest NNS often includes many clusters , e .	10	17	VBZ	includes	include	7
fair use in NNP NNP NNP NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
a salt and NN mix gives them the NN .	1	5	VBZ	gives	give	4
NNP NNP own VBG competition , the `` golden shoe '' is the show 's light NN on the golden boot award given to the top scorer in a league or competition .	4	11	VBZ	is	are	7
the astronomical ceiling in the tomb of NNP vi VBZ the RB `` death '' and `` NN '' of the sun as being VBN by NNP , goddess of the sky , and NN from her NN as NNP .	2	9	VBZ	portrays	portray	7
i would have suggested doing that , or done it for that matter , except that the current content of the page is completely irrelevant .	18	22	VBZ	is	are	4
the local trains on the NNP in austria cross the area of hungary at NNP .	2	8	VBP	cross	crosses	6
the local name for tea , in NNP , is JJ ( written as ) .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the league match against sun NNP on 18 september 2010 is the JJ official match of NNP NNP 's career .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
route 1 , the JJ point along that highway is in NNP , maine , but its JJS point along the coast , depending on how you define the coast , would be NNP , maine .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
the state 's senior ( class i ) senator , since january 2013 , is democrat elizabeth warren .	5	14	VBZ	is	are	9
around 500 workers at the NNP oil NN face new uncertainty over their future after total said it needs to sell the site '' .	2	8	VBP	face	faces	6
some NNS like the german models 24 , 39 , and 43 have NNS .	1	12	VBP	have	has	11
factors of design other than JJ angle also contribute to JJ effect .	0	8	VBP	contribute	contributes	8
the symbol of the NN NNS is still on czech young scouts NNS .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the climb from NNP to the NNP runs past an open air museum dedicated to slavic settlement in the region and also past the path leading to the NNP open air stage .	1	7	VBZ	runs	run	6
the fact that he recently died is tragic , but is not the reason to keep the page .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
for example , NNP the goal in the NNS task is to construct a stick of a particular desired length given three stick lengths from which to build ( there is an unlimited supply of NNS of each length ) .	5	10	VBZ	is	are	5
after about 8 minutes and 40 seconds in the video , the author of metro CD and metro CD reveals that there is going to be a new book set in the metro universe , called metro CD .	12	19	VBZ	reveals	reveal	7
the thing that moves us to pride or VB is not the mere mechanical reflection of PRP , but an JJ NN , the JJ effect of this reflection upon another 's mind .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
first , i agree with the nom in that the article as it now exists is mostly personal analysis , if it were to stay , it would have to be entirely changed .	10	15	VBZ	is	are	5
one girl ( NNP NNP ) VBZ her NN over the situation .	1	6	VBZ	expresses	express	5
examples of state NN include VBN government agencies ( agencies organized along corporate and business management practices ) and states that own controlling shares of publicly listed corporations , effectively acting as a large NN or a NN .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
NNP equation from basic JJ state equations is RB .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
NNP NNS using NNP NNP , NNP NNP , and NNP f include NNP NNP support .	1	12	VBP	include	includes	11
with the NN that i do not believe that each and every example offered in evidence is a violation , nor do i believe that occasional violations of our very complex NN and JJ policies and their interpretations constitutes VBP .	12	16	VBZ	is	are	4
worse , NNP 's girlfriend , robin , shows up at NNP 's apartment , accusing her of NN .	4	8	VBZ	shows	show	4
government of the united states regards it as proper to establish conservation zones in those areas of the high seas JJ to the NNS of the united states VBP fishing activities have been or in the future may be developed and maintained on a substantial scale .	0	5	VBZ	regards	regard	5
the energy conversion efficiency of the device is 1 .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
wild game and fish are major protein sources , and smaller animals such as rats , wild NNS , and insects are also sometimes eaten .	11	21	VBP	are	is	10
its cities of the valley are so jos dos NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
however , the intervention of a number of characters from the comic series wanted , who had come to steal the god gun , allows dragon to destroy the weapon , VBG NNP 's wish .	3	24	VBZ	allows	allow	21
the only requirement for being VBN is you `` use your real name '' or `` we know who you are '' !	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the origin of the term `` JJ '' is the subject of considerable debate .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
a sequel to the popular independent comedy is currently in the early stages .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
june 1996 ) was a german automobile designer whose most notable cars , the JJ NNP CD and post-war NNP CD , are among the most highly regarded in automotive history .	11	22	VBP	are	is	11
reference to the upload issues on commons is JJ at best .	0	7	VBZ	is	are	7
NNS , like police officers , are eligible to take the promotional civil service NNS for entry into the JJ ranks .	0	6	VBP	are	is	6
however , she RB gives him incorrect information that causes NNP to see through the NN and escape , knowing that the first thing she will then do is go and move the book to a new hiding place .	23	28	VBZ	is	are	5
the technique of NNP NNP is relatively new , and capable of providing unique information on materials in the JJ length scale .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
for me , just the fact that people would vote for her is significant , even though she only made CD .	5	12	VBZ	is	are	7
NNS on the face of the cliffs come from the NN VBG out of the rock .	0	7	VBP	come	comes	7
that particular form of political NN seems altogether more likely !	2	6	VBZ	seems	seem	4
the JJ side of the document contains a letter addressed by three people to an official , VBG him that a NNS named NNP wishes to resign his office on account of his poor health .	2	6	VBZ	contains	contain	4
however , NNS with smaller hands tend to throw the NN with their NNS .	2	6	VBP	tend	tends	4
i do think that should be described in the prose somewhere , only briefly , even a sentence would do , just saying that type of game it is , since its basically a separate game with the same name .	24	28	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP exhibits VBG JJ life are prominent in NNP .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the roof of houses at NNP displays a unique traditional JJ architecture native to indonesia .	1	6	VBZ	displays	display	5
in NNP , the literacy rate of NNP people is 16 .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
therefore , comments to the NN of the article are valid and the NNS of the subject matter are to be taken into consideration .	2	9	VBP	are	is	7
project , CD project ) is a group created by american television and radio personality glenn beck .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
lawrence NNP , states that the source of her sudden illness remains a mystery .	6	11	VBZ	remains	remain	5
their eldest son , rudolf , the 15th and current duke of NNP , is married to alexandra NNP , of the NNP RB lineage ; they have six children .	2	14	VBZ	is	are	12
the object of the game is to fly the rocket up to any of the four ports to pick up NNS ( points ) , fly back down to the starting point and repeat while avoiding enemies and NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
martin 's acting roles in the british theater include the world premiere of bent ( 1979 ) , at the royal court in london with sir ian NNP , a season at the bristol old vic , and seasons at london 's old vic and young vic theaters .	3	8	VBP	include	includes	5
in essence , the head of state , usually a monarch or president , is a ceremonial NN who is the theoretical , JJ or de NN source of executive power within the system .	4	14	VBZ	is	are	10
the line `` as NNS the moon among the lesser fires '' in the second verse of the song is a direct reference to roman poet NNP , pulled NN from NNP , a book of latin JJ poems composed in 23 bc .	1	19	VBZ	is	are	18
however , it would not be a task force with the christianity project group , as the generic title `` medieval NNP '' means that members would look at articles on medieval jewish NNS or on NNPS who lived the medieval world .	18	23	VBZ	means	mean	5
truck and trailer '' occurs when a player carrying the ball leaves a NN , along with one or more of his teammates .	7	11	VBZ	leaves	leave	4
in fact having sex with multiple partners for a woman makes for an unsuccessful strategy .	1	10	VBZ	makes	make	9
the JJ field of a compact star commonly VBZ in gas from a companion star , thus radiation ( especially x-ray ) is VBN .	2	8	VBZ	pulls	pull	6
furthermore , the expansion of businesses in the process of competing for markets leads to an abundance of goods and a general fall in their prices , further VBG the tendency for the rate of profit to fall .	3	13	VBZ	leads	lead	10
NNP bus operators such as NNP coaches and NNP australia now serve towns along the route .	2	11	VBP	serve	serves	9
the overall purpose of a crush is to hold an animal still to VB the risk of injury to both the animal and the operator while work on the animal is performed .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
some NN NNS and military NNS use JJ NNS to eliminate this potential for error .	2	6	VBP	use	uses	4
the mainland of the country is the eastern half of new guinea island , where the largest towns are also located , including the capital port NNP and NNP ; other major islands within papua new guinea include new ireland , new britain , NNP and NNP .	32	37	VBP	include	includes	5
and note , releasing just one known album and a tribute not yet even released is not sufficient sign of notability ; there still is no significant coverage .	1	15	VBZ	is	are	14
NN in NNP is in full swing at this time of year , and outdoor bars , restaurants and NNS become very popular during the daytime .	15	20	VBP	become	becomes	5
researchers in structural geology use the lambert JJ projection to plot JJ NNS and faces , NN and NN in rocks , NNS in NNS , and other linear and NN features .	0	4	VBP	use	uses	4
only references to individual provided by the article are his paid NN from the local paper and the biography from the program for his funeral service .	1	8	VBP	are	is	7
questions of this nature are often better placed on project pages ( such as this ) anyway .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
an example of such a `` JJ '' or `` more than perfect NN '' is the `` identical NN '' , in which not only the NNS but also the NNS of the NN NNS are identical , as in gun and begun .	27	36	VBP	are	is	9
the age distribution , , in NNP is ; 47 children or 6 .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the earliest known member of the group is NNP NN , from the NNP member of the NNP formation of china , which dates to around CD ma ago , o'connor , j .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP eventually hands over the keys and the family of NNP , phil , ronnie , NNP , ben and NNP 's baby amy leave on 24 december 2009 .	2	24	VBP	leave	leaves	22
the three species in this genus of new world mice are only RB related to the common house mouse , NNP NN .	2	10	VBP	are	is	8
the current membership of the council is conservatives 21 , VBZ 3 , labour 2 and liberal democrats 11 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
in urban environments , seeds that VBP far often land on JJ concrete .	4	9	VBP	land	lands	5
the largest NN of NNP sheep outside of indigenous new zealand is that of nathan NNP , a famous uk farmer based in NNP .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
one person related with films watches them and he is impressed by the skill of NNP and he helps her to become a JJ NNP from NNP .	1	5	VBZ	watches	watch	4
a real , open guitar case in front of the musicians suggests that they are accepting donations from NN .	5	11	VBZ	suggests	suggest	6
the descendants of the family still live in governors bay .	1	6	VBP	live	lives	5
other papers available for subscription or purchase include the south bay newspaper daily NNP although they mainly cover news from NNP and the south bay cities .	1	7	VBP	include	includes	6
one thing we want to do in 2011 is to explain why he 's like that .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
a hero who VBZ to near the top of mount NNP has some kind of close encounter with one of the gods .	1	11	VBZ	has	have	10
wikipedia 's policy on no personal attacks gives as an example `` negative personal comments '' , and `` using someone 's NNS as a means of VBG or VBG their views '' .	2	7	VBZ	gives	give	5
keep - the sources provided on the article are more than enough to satisfy the general notability guidelines .	3	8	VBP	are	is	5
the key aspect with these libraries is that they are of a fixed height , which enables them to be placed in rows , VBG the process of automated digital layout .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the NNS and the ladies go to watch the NNP street association parade together .	1	5	VBP	go	goes	4
within this equation , the strength ( s ) is a measure of how much influence , power , or intensity the target VBZ the source to possess .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
the NNS of NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP are all part of the inventory of swiss heritage sites .	1	12	VBP	are	is	11
the difference in this case is very subtle , it looks to be mainly a slight difference in font size causes different word NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP syndrome ( also known as `` NNP type i NNP '' ) is a JJ condition , also characterized by mild mental NN and NN NN .	1	13	VBZ	is	are	12
NNP bus service to boston also now uses rail station site .	2	7	VBZ	uses	use	5
the closest NN i could find is NNP , a tiny village , on the coast of brittany southwest of NNP , near NNP , but over 100 km from NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
for example , the word in JJ for `` synagogue '' is NN , as opposed to `` school , '' which is NN .	4	11	VBZ	is	are	7
another method of NN training is elimination communication .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
thus it is not surprising that the relationship of the NNP community to the NNP movement has a long history .	7	16	VBZ	has	have	9
notable NNS from the list include laws passed by the first and second NNP , and the NNP laws which were traditional celtic laws , the practice of which was only finally VBD out during the JJ conquest of ireland .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
people from the nearest village of NNP often play in the field too .	0	8	VBP	play	plays	8
works by NNP NNP centre around social and religious history of europe in 19th and 20th century .	0	4	VBP	centre	centres	4
the main languages spoken in NNS are NNP , which is spoken on the islands of NNP and NNP , and NNP , which is spoken primarily on the island of NNP .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the list of national historic landmarks in iowa contains the landmarks designated by the u .	1	8	VBZ	contains	contain	7
murder in my mind is a 1997 science fiction crime drama film starring NNP NNP , NNP NNP , peter NNP , peter NNP , ian NNP and peter NNP .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
games developed at NNP games include math rescue , word rescue , talking abc 's , NNP wars and rescue the scientist .	0	5	VBP	include	includes	5
list of magazines published in scotland is an incomplete list of magazines and comics published in scotland .	0	6	VBZ	is	are	6
top of the tower offers a commanding view of the city .	0	4	VBZ	offers	offer	4
non-free images , with limited exceptions , are among them .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
the lead , played by NNP , is a JJ NN attempting a comeback as a pop star .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
a game of NN usually involves two opposing teams seeking to eliminate all of the other team 's players or to complete an objective , such as VBG a flag , eliminating a specific player , or other JJ variations .	1	5	VBZ	involves	involve	4
more recently , it is believed that a NN of the NNP effect is necessary for understanding the unusual JJ NN of NN .	8	13	VBZ	is	are	5
the arts and the law NNS are the oldest in the university , both established in 1953 , closely followed by the faculty of science ( 1956 ) and newly the faculty of engineering ( 2009 ) .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
NNP 's career highlights as a junior NN include gold medals at the 1982 moscow news ( now known as moscow stars of the world ) and the junior european championships .	3	8	VBP	include	includes	5
WRB this intention does not RB appear , neither the books nor their authors have the smallest claim to the NN of NN '' .	10	14	VBP	have	has	4
SYM - presidents of the united states already have many categories .	2	8	VBP	have	has	6
the NNP 's annual tournament , NNP , traces its roots back to 1996 .	4	8	VBZ	traces	trace	4
the position of literary NN has more to it than the simple monetary aspect , though .	1	5	VBZ	has	have	4
whatever the disagreement , the first step in VBG a dispute is to talk to the other parties involved .	6	11	VBZ	is	are	5
it has been suggested that they might have been VBN via NN from the quarry , and a short dive between the island and the NNS shows a trail of dropped stones .	19	26	VBZ	shows	show	7
the fundamental notion behind the JJ principle is that for two processes VBG with each other via some communication means , the reliability obtained from that means can not be expected to be perfectly aligned with the reliability requirements of the processes .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
details of the design include JJ window NNS , decorative JJ NNS , side yard orientation and RB VBD corner NNS .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
the book entering public domain is a direct consequence of the results of this lawsuit which can be accessed at NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
one religious ceremony practiced in NNP and cameroon is the NNP , practiced by several NNP ethnic groups .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
thousands of young men play college football each year and this guy was not extraordinary in any way .	0	4	VBP	play	plays	4
the NN is that this doubles the storage , and both devices ( copies ) need to be updated simultaneously with some overhead and possibly some delays .	11	15	VBP	need	needs	4
RB , the parish boundary runs along both these roads meaning the majority of the houses in the parish are at its very edge .	5	19	VBP	are	is	14
application of protection ratings varies widely from area to area and from NN to VB .	0	4	VBZ	varies	vary	4
another area of distinctive character is `` the rows '' , several streets of colony houses on the north side of london road .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
i think that efforts to VB or require NN of paid editing are to avoid VBG the NNS of creating a huge industry out of it which is what would happen if it were accepted .	3	12	VBP	are	is	9
i 'd quite like a personal answer to this , but the main reason i 'm asking is so a bit more detail could be put into the VBG entries .	13	17	VBZ	is	are	4
in this way the sport aspects of NNP practice seek to build strong character in its practitioners , while good character in turn contributes to an JJ competitive spirit while VBG NNS of courtesy , respect , NN and NN .	5	9	VBP	seek	seeks	4
several features of the NNS distinguish NNP from other JJ genera , including dorsal JJ NNS with strongly VBN and VBN JJ edges and NN consisting of deep NNS and VBG NNS , as well as JJ dorsal and JJ JJ NNS .	1	5	VBP	distinguish	distinguishes	4
NN allows that an assertion of winning a notable award or receiving multiple nominations for such awards shows notability .	4	17	VBZ	shows	show	13
JJ clusters and NNP balls are JJ NNS .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
VBG finds that the biography of jesus hidden in the new testament shows him to have been born in NNP , an NNP community beside the dead sea , in march , 7 bc .	4	12	VBZ	shows	show	8
the sources which i have given to this article , do not prove the subject an activist .	1	10	VBP	do	does	9
a soundtrack album for the film featuring the following songs is available from NNP records .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
city of niagara falls and the regional municipality of niagara , although the ministry of transportation of ontario ( NNP ) still assists with the maintenance of it under a connecting link agreement .	0	22	VBZ	assists	assist	22
this use of the word bee is common in literature describing colonial north america .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the name `` NNP '' is the english pronunciation and spelling of the ancient and original name of NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the real work of a doctor is not an affair of health centres , or laboratories , or hospital beds .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
on the other hand , costume books and some contemporary accounts indicate that in the sea they VBD in a JJ NN of NN or other strong material .	6	11	VBP	indicate	indicates	5
average slip rates in the fault 's central region are about CD a year , very fast by global standards .	2	9	VBP	are	is	7
i 'm going to guess that the answers to these questions lie somewhere in your text book or other reading material for whatever class you 're taking .	7	11	VBP	lie	lie	4
its leader , campbell newman , is the premier of queensland .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the breakdown voltage for the JJ discharge depends RB on the product of gas pressure and NN distance according to NNP 's law .	2	7	VBZ	depends	depend	5
however , such conduct was unknown since CD , and this , in his view , reflected the understanding that appointment to the bench means that `` the practice of law is abandoned forever '' .	20	24	VBZ	means	mean	4
the stem at the base is JJ , with thick roots .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
sources 1 , 2 , 3 and 6 are from NN .	0	8	VBP	are	is	8
assuming lower and upper NNS on the quality of life of a single individual , the difference between the two has to be a bound on the happiness per NN .	16	20	VBZ	has	have	4
the description attached within a style is of an attribute the holder of the style is VBN to have .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
a man in the middle attack is a simple example of this , because you can use it to collect details to VB a user .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the two sides to the game are the dark side and the light side , representing the two sides of the force .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
renaissance , and every painter of that time is interesting and significant .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
the sentence in the article is a single line , stating the cake exists .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
a challenge to such an edit only puts it into question to the point that its NN does not justify an edit war over it .	1	7	VBZ	puts	put	6
here , the return to the investment consists of reduced operating costs .	3	7	VBZ	consists	consist	4
my biggest problem with the article is that it is RB organized and as a result does not clearly tell the story of the business .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
and i believe a tag on the NNP article page is appropriate as well .	4	10	VBZ	is	are	6
business at bob 's NNP goes up due to gene 's fame but bob is not happy .	0	5	VBZ	goes	go	5
the majority of other literature written consists of law texts .	1	6	VBZ	consists	consist	5
he allegedly showed the NN of politics as such over any religious norm when he said that the interests of the islamic republic are paramount in islam and that NN , NN , NN , and everything else in islam , are JJ .	18	23	VBP	are	is	5
his team has demonstrated that although b cells and JJ cells can generate regulatory t cells by themselves , a mixture of both JJ cells VBZ their capacity to RB generate regulatory t cells .	20	25	VBZ	improves	improve	5
on arrival , those security people at the airport really have no sense of NN ; so never try strike up a conversation and absolutely never VB a joke with them .	5	10	VBP	have	has	5
the philosophy behind the festival is to help people discover new music styles , artists that are JJ or even totally unknown , but that will be the future of musical expressions thanks to their original and innovative nature .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the comment you keep bringing up completely out of context from NNP wales to me on the talk page of another article has some strong and JJ history behind it .	1	22	VBZ	has	have	21
the island platform station between double tracks serves the suburb of NNP .	3	7	VBZ	serves	serve	4
in his performances , israeli composer and singer NNP NNP uses the NN to produce a very wide range of notes .	5	10	VBZ	uses	use	5
developed environments ( human settlements ) are environments in geography .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
the b section or middle eight is also often referred to as the bridge and sometimes as the release .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
your argument that someone 's NNP number can change because of actions by someone else `` unknown to the subject '' is CD NN for NNP numbers 1 , 2 , 3 or 4 .	1	21	VBZ	is	are	20
the former president of chile , michelle NNP is from another party in the coalition , the socialist party .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the NNS of the bank are NNP .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
if these components for the schedule are not available , they can be created with a JJ NN method like NNP NNP .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
NNP 's theory , and its implications for the world economy , remain the only factual proof about the case .	6	12	VBP	remain	remains	6
the master of sacred music is a graduate degree combining academic studies in theology with applied studies in music .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
if you can ; t see that a level 3 warning for adding a full stop to a sentence is wrong on some many levels , it is you who needs to be blocked from editing .	10	19	VBZ	is	are	9
other NNS owned by NNP include the NNP NNP soccer stadium in NNP paulo , brazil and the NNP NNP soccer stadium in nice , france .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
for some dive NNS this is adequate , and the small size and weight of these units makes them very convenient and easy to carry , and very little training is required in their use .	11	17	VBZ	makes	make	6
lakes in the municipality include NNP and NNP .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
NNP NN ( israel ) makes more sense .	1	5	VBZ	makes	make	4
examples of this broad concept of user NNS include the interactive aspects of computer operating systems , hand tools , heavy machinery operator controls , and process controls .	0	8	VBP	include	includes	8
another notable difference in jackson 's films is that NNP does not at first NN NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the distance measured to NNP CD using this technique is 2 .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the purpose of the foundation is to support the activities of the royal academy of engineering and contribute to its maintenance by VBG on the assistance of companies and institutions with an interest in the development and improvement of engineering .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
however , the technological advancement of this program is uncertain , and some sources doubt whether the north korea is able to produce large quantities of nerve agents or to fit the chemical NNS on its JJ JJ missiles .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
in NNP , i 've heard most people know english , french , and JJ NNP french ; in addition , lots of JJ people know RB of the languages of india is appropriate to their ethnic group .	21	25	VBP	know	knows	4
the systematic name of this enzyme class is JJ NN ( VBG NN ) .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
just to avoid spreading NN , our current license for most content is the NN of NNP and gfdl ; that is , most new JJ material is still licensed under the gfdl , but since november 2008 all such material is also licensed under NNP .	8	12	VBZ	is	are	4
the establishment of the NNP region of iraq dates back to the march 1970 autonomy agreement between the NNP opposition and the iraqi government after years of heavy fighting .	1	8	VBZ	dates	date	7
JJ practices using traditional ideas have a number of consequences with JJ effects to the external environment .	1	5	VBP	have	has	4
the writer of the story , NNP smith , VBZ `` NNP 's NNP '' as a forced NN that will take a long time to end ; although , he says that the meaning is also open to interpretation .	1	9	VBZ	compares	compare	8
another possibility ( referred to as the JJS approach in the theory of NN ) is to VB on the demand side by some kind of NN .	1	15	VBZ	is	are	14
the methods for reducing the size of the NNS include the varieties of NN , such as NN ( with and without JJ NN ) to reduce excess body fat , and JJ NN , to VB , VB , and JJ the natural NN of the body .	1	9	VBP	include	includes	8
the car that i want is green .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the main newspaper rivals in the NNP and county durham area include the northern echo , the journal , the NNP mail and the evening chronicle .	3	11	VBP	include	includes	8
the mention of the NNP is not merely JJ .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the only way to deal with it is to delete it or to refer to that primary source , showing what the actual ruling of the court was .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the main feature of the game consist of a single or two player , this includes elements similar to that of the street fighter series with basic moves and special attacks .	2	15	VBZ	includes	include	13
the long nose , which changed from a rectangular shape to a triangle shape for the final version , represents how NNP looks down at other characters .	2	19	VBZ	represents	represent	17
the table of contents by default only appears on pages with more than three NNS .	1	7	VBZ	appears	appear	6
the areas of focus in his current role are public health , NN , and the environment .	1	8	VBP	are	is	7
the names of each still stand on the original buildings but they are now prominent houses in the village .	1	5	VBP	stand	stands	4
despite its religious NN , the true nature and purpose of the NNP is unknown .	7	13	VBZ	is	are	6
the history of his education is unclear but he was called to rome as a young man to assist cardinal giovanni NNP NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the rules of each of these four countries bear significant differences .	1	8	VBP	bear	bears	7
new version of that story now says 6 , 000 prisoners , but attributes the figure to NNP .	1	6	VBZ	says	say	5
this is because all electronic devices ( vacuum tubes , JJ NNS and mos NNS ) invented by NN are basically JJ devices .	8	19	VBP	are	is	11
many NNS of VBG creek in its central and lower sections are JJ fisheries , and the middle and lower parts of NNP creek are VBN with trout .	1	11	VBP	are	is	10
fair use rationale for pink ( boris album ) though this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
the oldest building on the trade fair grounds is the NNP frankfurt , a JJ dome structure made of steel and glass that was first opened to visitors on may 19 , 1909 .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
half the online hits for NNP NNP are for NNP NNP because that was its original name until recently .	3	7	VBP	are	is	4
today her main church and associated school is in NNP .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the value of their content is a separate issue .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the conventional understanding of this phenomenon is the JJ NN of lower income residents due to the renovation and NN of existing properties that drive up overall property values .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
JJ instruments , such as NNS , bells and other NNS , use wooden bars , metal bars or bells which can be removed by the teacher leaving only those corresponding to the JJ scale , which carl NNP himself believed to be children 's native NN .	1	12	VBP	use	uses	11
the other routes on the NN have only two NNS for sport climbing , making a NN more likely should a mistake be made .	2	6	VBP	have	has	4
a `` behind the scenes '' audio NN entitled `` lunch at monk '' is available for download through the usa website .	7	14	VBZ	is	are	7
the total land area of NNP NNP is 0 .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the section on the NNP , which is only part of the wider picture of edward 's actions on the NNS , is as long as the previous section on the NNS .	1	22	VBZ	is	are	21
support in a relatively weak field of candidates , NNP in my personal opinion is the most qualified for this job .	0	14	VBZ	is	are	14
in this way , as the number of NNS with correct distance values grows , the number whose JJ edges need to be VBN in each NN NNS , leading to a JJ savings in time for dense NNS .	6	13	VBZ	grows	grow	7
otherwise , so many shows would be in this category because of the amount of entertainment VBG there currently is .	15	19	VBZ	is	are	4
wallace suggests that the final symbol of the address is wrong , and that they should use the symbol for earth .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
the life cycle of the NN takes it through freshwater snails and back into water , where it is VBN by the JJ stages of several aquatic insects , including NN flies and NNS .	2	6	VBZ	takes	take	4
in other words the greatest probability would be when the volume of this JJ is 0 and hence it is embedded in 4 dimensions .	10	14	VBZ	is	are	4
western boundary with NNP district follows the track of NNP river ( NNP street , NNP boulevard , NNP street , soviet army street ) .	1	5	VBZ	follows	follow	4
lakes in this township include NNP lake .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
the problem with not having complete control is that we need to know that our requirements will be accepted .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
mrs NNP VBZ in surprise and NN , but the look of horror on NNP 's face is obvious .	10	17	VBZ	is	are	7
the study indicated that there is no safe level of lead in drinking water , and that children in homes with even a partial lead service line are at a much higher risk of lead NN than those with no lead in the line .	17	27	VBP	are	is	10
other universities in pittsburgh that field athletic teams include carnegie NNP university ( division iii ) , NNP university ( division iii ) , point park university ( NNP ) , and NNP university ( NNP ) .	1	8	VBP	include	includes	7
the general slope of the country is towards the northeast , as indicated by the course of the rivers which VBP or bound the territory , and finally discharge themselves into the NNP river .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the brazilian competes in categories new artist , artist in social networks and pop artist , and `` oh if i catch you '' is indicated for song of the year , pop music , music and digital music radio .	2	21	VBP	catch	catches	19
ghost notes , however , are not simply the JJ notes in a pattern .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
NNS of this drama are , a NN in `` a department of special mission '' in tokyo metropolitan police department acted by NNP NNP and his buddy acted by NNP NNP .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
the provisions in the rent NNP regarding proposals to alter the government rent roll , objections to NN , deletion or interim NN and appeals to the lands tribunal against the decision of the commissioner are similar to those provided under the rating NNP .	15	35	VBP	are	is	20
the majority of the landscape is NN in the fertile NNP river valley .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
now having established that the person behind this irc account is actually who they claimed to be ( per this edit ) , i had somebody who had just VBN to running a NN and remained JJ .	5	10	VBZ	is	are	5
the NN and JJ NN of the NN is one reason for its association with religious buildings .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
entry fee for the NN is 10 pakistani NNS per person .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the best reference i could find for either location is a really JJ document that happens to be on a pakistani government NN and hence is unlikely to be an invention .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the stream of jordan creek runs through this township .	1	5	VBZ	runs	run	4
the player , first as doctor watson and then as NNP holmes , VBZ the explosion and discovers that it was not a gas NN but a bomb which was the cause .	1	13	VBZ	investigates	investigate	12
the imdb source for this person is really short at only 3 films in 3 different years .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
yes , i know we do n't have a national language here in the states , but i think it 's logical that a JJ based business would do business in the language which a majority of the population speaks .	35	39	VBZ	speaks	speak	4
parts of the original NN of the highway are now maryland route 45 .	0	8	VBP	are	is	8
many research projects held by NNP have an international dimension .	2	6	VBP	have	has	4
the impact of english education and various social reform movements is clearly visible in these lines .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
the opening theme for the first two films is by NNP , which was released on october 10 , 2012 .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the nearest commuter rail station on the latter line is in the newton village of NNP , about half a mile away .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
a crucial factor in determining the thermal resistance at an interface is the overlap of NN states .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
every student and every doctor knows that cases of NNP 's disease may show a fever that is high for one week and low for the next week and so on .	1	5	VBZ	knows	know	4
the JJ NN levels found in the human lineage are six to eight times higher in humans than in NNS , which are mostly fruit NNS and VB little NN relative to humans .	3	9	VBP	are	is	6
places served by direct east midlands trains trains include london , NNP , bedford , nottingham , derby and sheffield .	0	8	VBP	include	includes	8
and i have seen it often the case that the winner of a policy debate is the editor who is willing to stay in the fight the longest .	10	15	VBZ	is	are	5
this beautiful natural NN in NNP district on the NNP river is about seven km from NNP NNP on the NNP road .	3	11	VBZ	is	are	8
in the french west indies , specifically the island of NNP , the NNP or NNP is a person able to shed his or her skin to turn into a JJ NN .	8	16	VBZ	is	are	8
the reference to NNP NNP ' is informative .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
NN , the machine NNP is on is down at the moment .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the source in no way implies that the award this comic got was non-notable .	1	5	VBZ	implies	imply	4
the first part of the NN follows the JJ and JJ slope on the southeast flank of the eastern summit .	2	6	VBZ	follows	follow	4
NNP 's sons , with NNP , prepare to VB NN and his followers .	2	7	VBP	prepare	prepares	5
the most common model of a JJ earth is the earth NN .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
the leader of moon tree , NNP , is an expert NN and created a place for NNS called `` net NNP '' .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
examples of this construct include meyer 's and hermann 's bridges , found in greek JJ NN in the second and fourth feet , respectively .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
meanwhile NNP 's uncle ( raja NNP ) visits the local member of parliament ( mp ) , someone whom NNP has helped to win the election to release NNP from the police NN .	3	8	VBZ	visits	visit	5
the NN archive of the newspaper held at the state library of victoria spans 4 jan 1883 to 24 december 1920 .	2	13	VBZ	spans	span	11
but the biggest NN to making your own wiki work is the need to establish a community of users who know what they are doing , and who agree with the project 's goals .	3	10	VBZ	is	are	7
although the use of NN and NN is equal to the usage of such symbols in other JJ languages , it is promoted by JJ NNP and adopted by the territorial government .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
in the case of such a trade taking place on a security and its related NNS contract , the trade will be JJ if the purchase price plus the net cost of carry is less than the NNS price .	26	33	VBZ	is	are	7
the JJ construction of the vehicle follows colin chapman 's philosophy of VBG the JJ ratio by VBG weight rather than simply adding power .	2	6	VBZ	follows	follow	4
film director , screenwriter and film producer steven NNP is also a resident in the area .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
delete - NN , NN with no evidence of reasons why this is encyclopedic .	4	12	VBZ	is	are	8
the fact that the NNP continually VBZ gay NN and lgbt people 's goals is pretty well documented .	1	14	VBZ	is	are	13
the descendants that were alive at the death of richard ii are in bold .	1	11	VBP	are	is	10
another key quality of the rocket NNP system is what they call the `` art of modification '' .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
hitler told a party leader in 1934 , `` the economic system of our day is the creation of the jews .	11	15	VBZ	is	are	4
other examples of small groups in isolated living conditions are record NN flights , NN ( JJ ) NNS , oil platforms , NNS , NNS , small islands and underground bases .	1	9	VBP	are	is	8
a conflict of interest check is also an important step before a book of business can be considered portable .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
alignment of the crystal axis with the ray axis is critical .	0	9	VBZ	is	are	9
that 's why so many articles about tiny , JJ places are almost RB VBN .	5	11	VBP	are	is	6
the text which holds everything together is RB weak , and the NN NN .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
without any objective NNS to say what is a battleship and what not the only thing that can be done is compare it to european ships of the time .	15	20	VBZ	is	are	5
the food plants for this species are NNP , NNP , and NNP .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the original 17th century design for the tomb is in the NNP library , cambridge , and an image of it may also be found at the national portrait gallery .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
the causes of this disorder are unknown , but it is thought to VB with inner ear problems , possibly NN from head injuries or childhood diseases .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
since NNS ' favourite sports traditionally are things like competitive eating and extreme NNP other NNS find him very VBG to be around .	7	16	VBP	find	finds	9
most of the `` JJ baby animals '' are mammals - baby flies , baby NNS and even most baby birds are ugly as sin , at least from a human perspective .	12	21	VBP	are	is	9
animals with this condition find it more difficult to eat ( especially snakes , whose JJ NNS compromise their ability to VB food down their throat ) .	0	4	VBP	find	finds	4
the particles comprising the beach are occasionally biological in origin , such as NN shells or VB NN .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
other parts of the aircraft are preserved in the NNP museum at nearby NNP .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
obviously we do not agree on multiple issues in the article , but the way to solve this is not to silence all opposing views .	14	18	VBZ	is	are	4
church of the NNP is a historic episcopal church located at blue mountain lake in hamilton county , new york .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
rider on the rain '' is also the main theme of the original movie soundtrack ( with lyrics by NNP NNP and sung by french NN NNP ) .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
being able to play the NNP round means that the total value of the cards in the player 's hand is 31 or higher .	11	20	VBZ	is	are	9
the first two paragraphs under the section `` cultural aspects '' contain specific information that is not cited properly or at all .	3	11	VBP	contain	contains	8
there is evidence of stone age , iron age , roman and medieval activity here , although the name `` NNP '' appears to be a medieval name possibly referring to NNP hall and its park .	18	22	VBZ	appears	appear	4
the fact that layer upon layer of process is being created to continually VB this is JJ .	1	15	VBZ	is	are	14
according to this page and others , the total mass of the atmosphere is 5 .	9	13	VBZ	is	are	4
west b NNP champions , they now play in the top tier of bulgarian football , the a professional football group , for the first time in the club 's history .	3	7	VBP	play	plays	4
because van der NNP , like most of the early JJ painters , was not VBN until the early 19th century , many of his works were RB attributed or dated , and major pieces such as the berlin NNP NNP continue to emerge .	34	41	VBP	continue	continues	7
the functions of a VBN municipality vary by NN and by municipality , but generally relate to what are called NNS de NN , known as `` local powers '' in english .	1	15	VBP	relate	relates	14
a man named ralph NNP tells him that george has been killed by members of the `` NNP men '' cult .	1	5	VBZ	tells	tell	4
appeal periods and NN NNS remain after the NNP .	1	5	VBP	remain	remains	4
at the end of season 1 , NNP is VBN by josh while he is VBG , and the beginning of season 2 sees her as another NN .	19	23	VBZ	sees	see	4
eating and drinking facilities such as a NNP king , as well as other shops and bus company offices , face the stands on central square .	3	20	VBP	face	faces	17
the beaches of the department are equally popular among tourists and residents alike and become popular during the summer .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
RB NN talk page where the reasons of the block are ( or not ) VBN .	6	10	VBP	are	is	4
it supports its own NNP protocol that lets users post direct links off the web for NN , where only the owner of the link knows where the file is .	21	25	VBZ	knows	know	4
constructed in the side of a JJ NN quarry , the most prominent feature of the complex is an JJ concrete dome .	13	17	VBZ	is	are	4
the mountain trail from the NNP house to the NNP runs over the NN .	2	10	VBZ	runs	run	8
the dragon , NNP , loves literature , enjoys VBG long poems over dinner , and only uses his JJ abilities to VB NN NN through his left NN and he is a NN among dragons .	1	5	VBZ	loves	love	4
weak delete i like the idea ; this particular collection , however , looks like an JJ collection of texts picked up off amazon .	9	13	VBZ	looks	look	4
the reason for the NN is that the total number of NNS is VBN in the JJ ensemble .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the ratio of the force driving the bicycle to the force on the NN , which is the total mechanical advantage of the bicycle , is the product of the speed ratio and the JJ NN ratio .	1	25	VBZ	is	are	24
discovery channel 's official website , which primarily provides information on the channel 's programming and additional content tied to those shows ; it also features several exclusive JJ games , with various JJ or JJ challenges .	4	25	VBZ	features	feature	21
due to the design studio based structure of the program , the student to faculty ratio is a relatively low 17 to 1 .	12	16	VBZ	is	are	4
structures of the NNP on the NNS of the deletion of one of its sister pages , i recommend this be deleted on the grounds that wikipedia is not a game guide .	0	18	VBP	recommend	recommends	18
when the NN is full , an increase in JJ pressure forces the walls of the JJ canal apart allowing the JJ matter to enter the canal .	7	11	VBZ	forces	force	4
all JJ songs released prior to october 26 , 2010 are JJ among rock band , rock band 2 , rock band 3 , and rock band NNP while those after only work with rock band 3 and rock band NNP .	2	10	VBP	are	is	8
the largest towns in the constituency are NNP and NNP .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
middlesex village , situated along the NNP river , is the town 's chief settlement and location of the town hall .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
computer NNS suggest that the probability of formation of a JJ black hole is RB proportional to its mass .	5	13	VBZ	is	are	8
the paragraph that begins as the brain is the most complex biological .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the participants ( champions from the similar events held in district levels ) are the students from classes 8th to 12th ( from age 14 to 18 ) following the academic NN approved by government of kerala .	1	13	VBP	are	is	12
in the NNP system , the advantages of NNP over NN data are even lower since the NNP radio interface has been specifically designed to support high NN , low NN NN connections .	6	12	VBP	are	is	6
the album , which was officially released on 23 november 2005 , is a double cd album VBN with deeply personal and highly JJ music according to NNP .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
my arguments were that the references in wikipedia and in the other places where this term , `` NN of global choice '' , appears , have no NNS of it , and second , people who were trying to explain the meaning of this term did not succeed .	5	26	VBP	have	has	21
on the other hand , if the running time of the algorithm is much smaller than d communication rounds , then the nodes in the network must produce their output without having the possibility to obtain information about distant parts of the network .	8	12	VBZ	is	are	4
the minimum size of the laser spot is proportional to the NN of the laser , so WRB is a limiting factor upon the amount of information that can be stored in a given physical area on the disc .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the site of the latter is now gay city state park .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the aim of this treatment is pain elimination , or the reduction of pain to the point where NNS may be effective .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
other groups in the building include the missouri department of conservation and older adults services and information systems ( NNP ) .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
organizations as diverse as the NNP NNPS and the NNP anime club RB hold events , programs , and NNS .	0	13	VBP	hold	holds	13
the current parish priest , rev patrick NNP , is the son of irish international footballer jimmy NNP .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
the only NNP light lord that has been identified is the god NNP , NNP the aged NNP god .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
indeed , the range of price and format reveals the extent to which poetry was VBN and sold for different NNS .	3	8	VBZ	reveals	reveal	5
another type of JJ activity occurs in the hours preceding an NN .	1	5	VBZ	occurs	occur	4
NNP , according to a boston globe news report , believes the ultimate goal of groups such as the islamic society `` is to VB american muslims and , eventually , to establish an islamic society ruled by strict NNP law .	13	22	VBZ	is	are	9
JJ language teaching ( NNP ) VBZ interaction as both the means and the ultimate goal of learning a language .	2	6	VBZ	emphasizes	emphasize	4
grants through this program are available to members of the native american tribes that came in contact with the lewis and clark expedition between CD .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
notable NN sports events where events regularly sell out well in advance and are broadcast to large audiences include the NNP , NNP professional baseball , korea professional baseball , j .	3	18	VBP	include	includes	15
only the path whose path metric is no less than t can be next visited .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the privileges and NNS granted to the NNP are the result of negotiations with the host governments and these vary from one office to another .	1	8	VBP	are	is	7
houston , texas NN by day and runs a JJ beauty salon on the corner of her NN in the NNS .	3	7	VBZ	runs	run	4
many older versions of the article are better and more like what featured article should look like .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
my interaction with you and my unrelated review of your contributions leads me to think you 'd make an excellent admin , but adminship VBZ a bit more JJ involvement in the project .	1	11	VBZ	leads	lead	10
jump in the line '' is a song composed by JJ NN lord NNP ( NNP roberts ) that won the 1946 trinidad carnival road march .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
the typical VBG membrane potential of a cell VBZ from the separation of NN NNS from JJ , relatively JJ NNS across the membrane of the cell .	4	8	VBZ	arises	arise	4
the numbering system for the airborne corps is a continuation of the infantry numbering system .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the term `` fast growing '' is a reference to a growth rate of 3 or 4 days , when compared to other NNP that may take weeks to grow out on laboratory media .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the communication between peer NNS across the NNP allows both JJ and JJ VBG information to be VBN allowing NNS such as open NNP path first ( NNP ) and protocol independent NNP mode ( NNP ) to operate correctly .	1	8	VBZ	allows	allow	7
the explosion on the uss iowa and its NNP is a NN book of JJ journalism , written by charles c .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
admins on the whole do a pretty good job and as volunteers they dont need a vehicle such as NNP being available to editors with NNS to VB .	0	4	VBP	do	does	4
though a small community , with a population of less than 200 , NNP is home to several prominent cultural figures .	3	14	VBZ	is	are	11
the god that VBZ her promises her a new life for ten years , but after that she 'll still die .	1	5	VBZ	promises	promise	4
in fact , the phase shift of the JJ filter is double the phase shift of the JJ filter at its JJ input .	5	10	VBZ	is	are	5
the patron for whom the work was painted is , however , unknown .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the NNS ' accounts of NNP college show that he was resident at NNP hall , probably as a fellow , from CD to CD .	3	7	VBP	show	shows	4
but the objectives and professional orientation of the courses are equivalent to the master of engineering , with the distinction that it does enable graduates to apply for a phd in engineering or related disciplines .	2	9	VBP	are	is	7
a variant on the NN is the silent butler , a NN , VBD NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the rules of movement and capture seem to be very complex allowing hidden strategies and sudden NNS of fortune .	1	6	VBP	seem	seems	5
the word itself , in the context of american english , is a marker for a more formal register , and would not show up in any usage in less formal register communication .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
one NN of the grand trunk road is at the NNP NNP NNP NNP indian NNP garden here , where the great NNP tree stands .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
an JJ version of the arcade game exists in the xbox version 's update , NNP NNP black , as a bonus feature , and it is also available through nintendo 's wii virtual console download service .	2	7	VBZ	exists	exist	5
the systematic name of this enzyme class is JJ NN .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the wide head of the NN is wider than seen in m .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
lisa 's explanation of the effect is incorrect ; it affects global weather patterns and is caused by the spinning of the globe on its axis .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
career civilian employees of the NNP , the department of defense , and the federal government are eligible .	2	16	VBP	are	is	14
if ( say ) after a week the share price of company a drops to 9 .	9	13	VBZ	drops	drop	4
NNP NNP JJS and most powerful man in the valley , NNP acts as a guide for the player and VBZ them in the NNP .	6	12	VBZ	acts	act	6
the choice of meaning that has been taken is arbitrary .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
one week of NNP , NNP and english debates as debates week is a once yearly feature .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
in CD , a JJ map probably raised by the NN shows five buildings which are taken to be large farms .	5	11	VBZ	shows	show	6
in case of JJ NN pain starts from the site of NN , JJ , and then VBZ all over the NNS .	1	6	VBZ	starts	start	5
in the event that any olympic region is not represented , the highest ranked team from that continent VBZ for the tournament .	14	18	VBZ	qualifies	qualify	4
the military men now in effective control of the project conclude that if NNP is exposed , he might never have influence with cleveland , and the u .	2	10	VBP	conclude	concludes	8
ferry routes to and from NNP , as well as the southern islands of the NNP and the NNP , run in this area .	1	20	VBP	run	runs	19
they have few natural predators , although animals such as NNS , killer NNS , and sharks VBP a threat to the young , and a NN has also been recorded to have died from trauma after being VBN by a NN NN .	7	17	VBP	pose	poses	10
his attorney was louis NNP , most observers , then and now , believe that brothers was handed up to the state by NNP as a sacrifice .	7	13	VBP	believe	believes	6
a majority of the site is now home of the NNP NNP de la NNP  NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
it is possible that the similarities between the bones of NNP and NNP are due to primitive characters found in all NNP , the group that also includes the NNP .	5	13	VBP	are	is	8
strongly oppose he is not fit to be an admin as many other people such as NNP and NNP are also not .	13	19	VBP	are	is	6
fair use in world 's on NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the interaction with JJ cells is important for JJ functions of immune cells , but also supports the survival and resistance of JJ cells derived from immune cells ( like b and t cells ) .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the fact that i had to fight so hard to support something that should not have been debated in the first place is even more JJ .	1	22	VBZ	is	are	21
a JJ complete metric space that contains an JJ image of every JJ metric space is NNP universal if and only if it is JJ in this sense .	4	15	VBZ	is	are	11
in march 2011 , he participated in an JJ debate sponsored by the economist about whether the disruptive innovation model VBN by the west is superior to the JJ innovation model common in japan .	19	24	VBZ	is	are	5
in addition , i think that the topic of immigration into central and south america from the british isles is JJ .	7	19	VBZ	is	are	12
a look at the article history shows that you created the article .	1	6	VBZ	shows	show	5
the `` sense of agency '' ( sa ) refers to the subjective awareness that one is VBG , VBG , and controlling one 's own JJ actions in the world .	2	9	VBZ	refers	refer	7
i do n't think there is , although a friend of mine who RB VBZ to the genre insists otherwise , whilst not producing any examples .	9	18	VBZ	insists	insist	9
situated on the southern slope of the NNP NNP mountain range , the former NN of NNP today is a NN , while the lower NN of NNP is preserved .	14	18	VBZ	is	are	4
every member of the senate and of the chamber of deputies has the right to address questions and NNS to ministers .	1	11	VBZ	has	have	10
and the reason you can not see united states federal budget , 2004 is nothing to do with your account , it is because no one has written that article yet .	2	13	VBZ	is	are	11
specimens of one species of NNP have a dark NN in the centre of their NNS , which has been interpreted as the earliest remains of water carrying tissue .	0	6	VBP	have	has	6
but the NNS in this new NN are more difficult to see .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
to be sure that the letters are classified correctly , we need to show that two letters in the same class are equivalent and two letters in different classes are not equivalent .	16	21	VBP	are	is	5
although the arrival of the NNP in the NNP la NNP region , is unknown , JJ evidence in the form of JJ pottery indicates that the NNP were in this region in the CD .	2	13	VBZ	is	are	11
NN rule because he now knows to revert three times in a NN , then come back the next day and keep it up .	1	5	VBZ	knows	know	4
italy ( NNP ) is under germanic NN , switzerland and austria exist within NNP , lithuania ( NNP ) controls NNP , northern germany and much of eastern europe , while a JJ successor empire ( NNP ) VBZ much of northern africa .	35	39	VBZ	dominates	dominate	4
a video from polish tv is available on various video sites .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
NNS , of course , play a JJ role in this festival .	0	5	VBP	play	plays	5
the only other school located within these neighborhoods is the pierre NNP academy , which is a charter school located at CD south NNP street in NNP .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
preliminary report of the public lands commission ( p .	1	5	VBZ	lands	land	4
a path with steep steps and wooden bridges leads to the foot of the castle where NNS in the rock can be seen , explaining the origin of the castle 's name which literally means `` hollow cliff '' .	1	8	VBZ	leads	lead	7
the section of the NNP west of the village follows the ancient NNP 's NNP .	1	9	VBZ	follows	follow	8
one actor filling both roles also explains some of the VBN dialogue in this scene , as it was probably the result of confusion over the role the actor was playing at the time .	1	6	VBZ	explains	explain	5
a solo stub article on innocent surviving child victim feels inappropriate .	3	9	VBZ	feels	feel	6
the mission of the museum is to collect and preserve , research and make available baltic and JJ art NNS from the 18th century to today and to provide evidence of the development of culture and art in latvia .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP 's voting history on abortion policies in the us house of representatives is JJ with her reputation as a liberal .	3	13	VBZ	is	are	10
for section 2 and section 3 , NNS by medical practitioners need to take place with no more than five clear days between each other .	7	11	VBP	need	needs	4
the method of VBG the receiver cover now involves a rotating NN in place of the traditional NNP button at the rear of the receiver cover .	1	8	VBZ	involves	involve	7
in this step , the mechanical device used to move the water acts like a conventional pump to lift the water .	6	12	VBZ	acts	act	6
shops erected on the site include a NN ( with NNS from NNP ) , CC ( from NNP ) , NN ( NN of a building from NNP ) , and NN ( with equipment from NNP , NNP ) .	0	5	VBP	include	includes	5
its administrative seat and largest town is NNP NNP , which lies south-east of NNP NNP and south of NNP NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
movements 1 and 7 are choral , movements 2 and 6 NNS , 3 and 5 NNS in two sections each , neither VBG the da NN form .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
the family of NNS which is best for this kind of problem is the beta distribution , because whenever you update the distribution still belongs to the family .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
the measurement of the activity NN of JJ NN NN ( NNP ) is the preferred method for VBG JJ status .	1	13	VBZ	is	are	12
the exact date of this story 's setting is unknown , but since nancy has been married for `` JJ of thirty years '' and the indian NNP broke out in 1857 , the date would seem to be sometime after 1887 .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the municipality of NNP alto covers a total surface area of 1 , CD .	1	5	VBZ	covers	cover	4
climate `` the central highland is a typical inland climate , .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
an extended play ( ep ) is a musical recording that contains more music than a single , but is too short to qualify as a full studio album or lp .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
originally the seat of the NNP family , NNP is one of the oldest continuously inhabited houses in scotland .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
NN feels this way because the only feelings she has left are pain and hunger , the latter caused by her inability to eat .	7	11	VBP	are	is	4
for adults , NN is often performed without NNS , and JJ alternatives such as the JJ ring controlled JJ compression device are available .	12	22	VBP	are	is	10
but almost a full majority of this range seems to been abusive , edits reverted or disruption within the past month or so .	4	8	VBZ	seems	seem	4
the JJ stretch of the river through the centre of NNP is JJ by rather larger vessels , albeit limited by low bridges .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
as NNP says , very few works on the subject of NNS use NNS to modern NNS .	6	12	VBP	use	uses	6
but RB the owners of these properties say its too early to make any NNS for the olympics .	3	7	VBP	say	says	4
NN in the liver NN leads to NN , which is usually associated with NN .	0	5	VBZ	leads	lead	5
riders of this NN are generally able to VB for their NNS from the classical position due to skill and experience .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
the first half of the season consists of 14 teams and JJ regular season ( 26 games for each of the 14 teams ) began on saturday , october 8 , 2012 and will end on sunday , march 16 , 2013 .	2	6	VBZ	consists	consist	4
cylinder sets over JJ vector spaces are the core NN in the formal definition of the NNP path integral or functional integral of quantum field theory , and the partition function of statistical mechanics .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
the roof of the NN is of thrust NN JJ construction and has a covering of single VBN lap VBN steel plates .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
an anchor NN in this shopping centre is JJ NNP ' .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
however , he VBZ , an NNP movie of deeper context VBN with a fresh approach is yet to be produced .	7	16	VBZ	is	are	9
the NN at the corner leading to a NN kitchen is original to the house as are the NN and JJ window NNS and frames .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
there is not even an NN that any words in this quote are accurate .	8	12	VBP	are	is	4
the name of the castle , and the village itself , comes from the latin NNP , in reference to the NNS ' , VBP NN or cork trees that once surrounded it .	1	11	VBZ	comes	come	10
a magnetic material placed inside a magnetic field , though , VBZ its own bound current , which can be a challenge to VB .	2	11	VBZ	generates	generate	9
the admin who made this deletion is a JJ admin who has made many positive and notable contributions to wikipedia .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
although the names of most calls are presently the same across the board , the different towns in cuba use their own calls .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
but the son of bruno , the JJ mark , a young man who was not worried about tomorrow , VBZ with NNP NNP , the daughter of senator robert NNP and VBZ the point of VBG the child .	2	20	VBZ	engages	engage	18
the article on the NNP mapping theorem merely says that the disk d is VBN NN to any simply connected open subset .	1	8	VBZ	says	say	7
the journey from valencia , spain , VBZ at NNP lane , providing for the first time an alternative to NNS for the import of fresh spanish produce .	1	7	VBZ	terminates	terminate	6
the temperature from the source is 46 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
in recent years , many private universities and colleges have consolidated because demand for higher education VBZ places available in the public sector .	12	16	VBZ	exceeds	exceed	4
NNP is important , but the post underneath the heading just VBZ that claim .	6	11	VBZ	ignores	ignore	5
claimed that i had a dream in which a currency note with the serial number ending with CD is the perfect NN note .	10	18	VBZ	is	are	8
i follow '' , because the component NNS ( jacket and NNS and NN ) follow each other and have the same cloth and colour and are worn together .	7	15	VBP	follow	follows	8
the reference to eye NN is again often thought to reflect the historical situation of NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
accounts by JJ NNS indicate the widespread practice of the hindu caste system and of animal NNS during the nine day celebrations ( called NNP ) .	0	4	VBP	indicate	indicates	4
the practical effect of the rule of CD is to make early NNS of term loans more expensive .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the western crest , across NNP canyon , includes NNP peak ( CD feet , CD m ) , hot creek canyon , and the JJ NNP wilderness study area .	2	8	VBZ	includes	include	6
the small windows at NNP hall depicting JJ JJ scenes of a rising sun over a river are especially beautiful and seem to have a strong similarity to the work of louis comfort NNP .	2	17	VBP	are	is	15
responsibilities of the assembly NNP are to assume the duties of the chair or the NNS if they are absent .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
the spring NNP tournament , which usually takes place on the last weekend in march , is the qualifying tournament for the competitive NNP semifinals , which are held at the NNP state convention , either in april or may .	3	16	VBZ	is	are	13
this might be an issue at a public NN if the organization in charge of the NN is JJ .	11	17	VBZ	is	are	6
the surfaces of the NN are RB with the edges elevated above the body of the bone , suggesting that a JJ shield would have been supported by the NNS at the tip of the NN .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
shadow of the earth ( ) is a 1982 JJ drama film directed by NNP NNP .	0	6	VBZ	is	are	6
the fact that you have seen the original allows you to use the original for verification without any link .	1	8	VBZ	allows	allow	7
many featured articles , especially on important topics , are longer .	2	9	VBP	are	is	7
the correct term for the movement of molecules driven by thermal energy is random thermal motion , sometimes VBN to as random molecular mobility , or just molecular mobility .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
another area i have been really active in is NN .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
one major consideration in the use of web NNS is how they 'll impact website NNP ( search engine NNP ) .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
your objection , at this point , is JJ .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
one explanation for this NN is what NNP meant by `` democracy .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the NN main entrance to the fort is the VBG NNP NNP .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the demands made by the removing admin are essentially impossible to meet by any reasonable standard and strike me as an abuse of NN .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
environmental NNS and NNS or NNS need to understand structural geology because structures are sites of NN flow and NN , which may affect , for instance , NN of toxic substances from waste NNS , or NN of NN water into NNS .	1	6	VBP	need	needs	5
the nickname for inhabitants of NNP is NNP ( horse NNS ) because horse meat ( specially VBP ) is a beloved food in NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the suggested target in the debate is list of characters in the harry potter books , but that article does not VB descriptions of characters , and merging the article there would more or less amount to creating only a redirect ( this character is already mentioned there ) .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the first word is an NN ( american ) and the second a noun ( filipino ) - there goes the difference .	13	19	VBZ	goes	go	6
the building , built in 1919 , is currently the oldest JJ building on campus and has been modified for use by the NNP .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the general layout of the fort NNP military railroad ( NNP ) is that of a loop within a loop , with a long track leading to the junction with the NNP ( former NNP and ohio railroad ) line at lee hall .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
paris 's arc de NNP on NNP 's suggests her NNS to accompany NNP to the shows there , while the JJ image on andy 's suggests the natural , JJ qualities she displays at the NN of her tenure with the magazine .	22	26	VBZ	suggests	suggest	4
the sole exception seems to lie in the situation where , VBN with power , the stronger party to the dispute relies upon force to VB the JJR .	17	21	VBZ	relies	rely	4
a JJ form of this NN exists in almost every other JJ language .	2	6	VBZ	exists	exist	4
her most recent novel , `` variable stars '' ( NNP books ) is about the eighteenth century NN , caroline NNP .	3	13	VBZ	is	are	10
unfortunately , a NN template since the only place it can VB you to is the article you 're on !	4	14	VBZ	is	are	10
abstract strategy games with hidden information , NN , or JJ move elements are better served by von NNP game theory , while those with a component of luck may require probability theory incorporated into either of the above .	2	13	VBP	are	is	11
examples of linear elements are NNS , NNS , and air core NNS .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
part of the yearly mount NNP celebration of dance takes place on the summit of mount NNP at the autumn NN .	0	9	VBZ	takes	take	9
his first fight there , against victor NNP , also has a mystery element , because , although it is believed that it took place on january 1 , 1925 , the date of the bout is not exactly known .	32	36	VBZ	is	are	4
its population ( NNP 2005 ) is CD .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
and his failure to admit this because there is supposedly some question about it , while on the other hand he RB VBZ things as facts about which he has zero evidence of ( e .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the writings on the liver are names of NNP NNS .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
even without significant personal coverage , and even VBG the NNP award , his winning of those last three awards gives notability .	14	20	VBZ	gives	give	6
the talk page of the article tells us that NNP presented his work alongside other artists at a museum show in 1996 .	2	6	VBZ	tells	tell	4
its many trails , mature second growth forest , striking NNS of the city , and nearby beach make the area a popular destination .	2	18	VBP	make	makes	16
the common name `` NNP line '' , literally `` research city line '' , comes from the NNP science city , which is located along the line around the border of osaka and NNP NNS .	2	15	VBZ	comes	come	13
NNP has suggested the `` transfer effect '' , in which he claimed that NN species that build the most elaborate NNS are JJ in color and show little variation between male and female , whereas in NN species with less elaborate NNS , the males have bright NN .	15	22	VBP	are	is	7
the JJ branch of the JJ nerve is a terminal branch of the JJ nerve .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
italian commercial and cultural life is also prevalent on hastings around NNP , and from there NNS into the NNP heights region of north NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the performance of a signal processing system depends on the characteristics of the local NN .	1	7	VBZ	depends	depend	6
the problem on this accusation is that we were introducing the new rough consensus proposed by NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
a short introduction to NN , including helpful animated graphics , is at NNS .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
our ability to make these statements comes from the process of assuming the continuous form of the normal distribution and certain of its well-known properties .	1	6	VBZ	comes	come	5
logan survives but NNP and another NNP agent go missing .	1	8	VBP	go	goes	7
every year many residents in the street cover their homes and front gardens with lights and other JJ christmas NNS , attracting many people from all over melbourne to the NN .	3	7	VBP	cover	covers	4
the JJ meaning of NNP NNP is `` NNP 's horses '' .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
other facilities like NN , indoor shuttle court , gymnasium and an extension of the JJ society store are available in the girls ' NN .	1	18	VBP	are	is	17
the total NN rate for women with a college education is 2 .	3	10	VBZ	is	are	7
the rules for measurement in quantum mechanics are particularly simple to state in terms of density NNS .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
although some were added , all but one of them make no mention of this platform , and the one that does only makes a passing mention .	19	23	VBZ	makes	make	4
for some reason the mixture of love and NN that brings about the death of a highly JJ NN fails to attract or convince .	4	19	VBZ	fails	fail	15
the JJ classification of this galaxy is NNP ( s ) ab , which indicates it is a spiral galaxy that displays mixed VBN and JJ features with intermediate to JJ arms and no ring .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
similarly the set of all sets of atomic sentences corresponds to the set of all possible worlds ( all that could be the case ) .	2	9	VBZ	corresponds	correspond	7
o channels that are fixed and static ) , and usually replace multiple network and storage connections to each server with a single cable that carries multiple traffic types .	1	11	VBP	replace	replaces	10
a sign from the belt system is a featured pittsburgh landmark on NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the text giving half the seized property to the NN is an interesting ( typical ) example VBG the NNS prevalent in justice during the late middle ages and modern times .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
dead crazy ' , a feature film directed by frank NNP of the film theatre company , in which eva plays the role of sophie , is currently in NN and due to be released later in 2013 .	6	26	VBZ	is	are	20
after several minutes of discussion between the officials , the original call was VBN as the rules state that a player who is VBN against the wall is out of NNS .	20	27	VBZ	is	are	7
NNP ( 1910 ) suggested that the text of the manuscript contains NNS of the ( otherwise unknown ) NNP NNP on medicine .	7	11	VBZ	contains	contain	4
the two NNP NNS , the pakistani and small remnants in indian now form distinct communities , with their own NNS .	3	13	VBP	form	forms	10
since the VBG steam will initially be completely VBN NN , detection can be difficult , although the intense heat and sound from such a NN clearly indicates its presence .	19	27	VBZ	indicates	indicate	8
long autobiography of a NN whose notability is probably not sufficient for inclusion .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
sources for this bio appear intact through NN to specific , JJ wiki articles .	0	4	VBP	appear	appears	4
a variant of NNP , called NNP , consists of a JJ version of a raw JJ disk image .	1	8	VBZ	consists	consist	7
the NNP family monument in NNP cemetery is JJ in every sense of the word ; grade ii listed by english heritage in 1999 , it VBZ arthur and julia NNP and their three sons .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the eastern approaches of the RBS three all pass through adjacent unincorporated areas , the village of los NNP de NNP , or the north valley .	2	8	VBP	pass	passes	6
one drug they often use , NN , is JJ and causes extreme NN and VBG where VBN .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
it should be accurate up to when the information in the infobox is correct .	8	12	VBZ	is	are	4
in addition , private think tanks and other organizations use the NNP data for their own research .	5	9	VBP	use	uses	4
the one outstanding point i can see is the JJ NN between quotes and the article proper ; it 's not important but it may be JJR to VB them .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
a full list of NNS from that date is extant .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
since all people of the world , including the most isolated tribal groups , have a form of music , it may be concluded that music is likely to have been present in the JJ population prior to the NN of humans around the world .	2	14	VBP	have	has	12
differences between populations in the presence of disease and health outcomes are JJ in many areas .	0	11	VBP	are	is	11
the broadcasts ( in dutch ) are available online .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
the aim of matrix NN is 1 ) encourage the plants you do want , and 2 ) VB the plants you do not want .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the flat areas , in particular NNP are the JJS areas of the islands with NN in the range a year .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
the purpose of this domain is to capture the NNS of the population VBG income NN in an area .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the story of continued NNS begins with the NNP algorithm , a procedure for finding the greatest common NN of two natural numbers m and n .	1	5	VBZ	begins	begin	4
davis NN , named after NNP NNP and NNP davis , is an upper bound on the NN of any bounded probability distribution on the real line .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
part of the film takes place at NNP in 1973 .	0	4	VBZ	takes	take	4
first , i think the definition of found art within the article is sufficiently definite .	5	12	VBZ	is	are	7
the formula for this edition is different from the formula adopted in the previous championship , even exist an article in the NNP do NNP ( statute supporter ) which VBZ changes in the regulation within two years of validity .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
there is no requirement to VB with a project before tagging a template for discussion ; the reason a tag is used is so that it will pop up on the NNS of concerned editors .	17	22	VBZ	is	are	5
the second two examples , sentences c and d , contain the so-called `` complex NNS '' ; they show that when an auxiliary verb appears , the JJ verb is not separated , but rather the stem verb and particle appear together as a single word .	3	10	VBP	contain	contains	7
in general , these roads are built in areas where construction of JJ roads is expensive due to VB JJ land .	10	14	VBZ	is	are	4
the master of science in NNP is a JJ degree awarded for those with a dental degree ( NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , etc .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
but though these processes of VBG money and paper NNS are distinct , the terms used can sometimes be rather fluid and JJ .	3	10	VBP	are	is	7
the students in the same halls are near each other for eight years until high school .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
the original part of rhodes ' home holds exhibits on the life of cecil rhodes , JJ south african artifacts from his travels , and a reconstructed middle class victorian drawing room with family NNS .	2	7	VBZ	holds	hold	5
oppose lack of JJ edits suggests NN with NN , fundamental for an NN .	1	5	VBZ	suggests	suggest	4
french language and the translations from and towards 22 languages ( that means approximately 4 .	1	12	VBZ	means	mean	11
examples of the archbishop 's `` quiet personal charity '' are rarely supplied in john NNP 's biography , `` john charles NNP , ruler of catholic ireland '' .	0	10	VBP	are	is	10
the fact that racism is JJ on wikipedia is a JJ belief to me .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
not every character in a notable work of fiction is notable .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the courtyard of the mosque is the earliest extant in a NN mosque to be paved with JJ marble .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the coat of arms of the city of brussels shows two lions on a NN mount supporting a red shield .	1	9	VBZ	shows	show	8
the majority of the muslim community is NNP , VBN with some NNP and NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
mystery in this landscape is a NN , an NN one .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
this content , RB titled , fits there like a NN .	1	6	VBZ	fits	fit	5
notable individuals who have used NNP devices include NNP , re , and NNP .	1	7	VBP	include	includes	6
the inner surfaces of the shell are JJ white , often with yellow or orange NNS , and with a JJ NN along the dorsal edge .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
some examples of common NN messages are news NNS , periodic messages from NNS from whom one has made previous NNS , messages from social networking sites , and wiki watch lists .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
its most common uses in this context are in NN VBD cream NNS , cooking NNS , and as an NN gas used to VB oxygen , to VB JJ growth , when filling packages of NN chips and other similar NN foods .	3	7	VBP	are	is	4
the city walls , the NNS and the old castle VBP their existence to roger the great count .	2	10	VBP	owe	owes	8
nothing in the article implies notability , and a google search for `` the NN '' NN turns up exactly two hits , both wikipedia .	10	17	VBZ	turns	turn	7
feeling guilty over johnny 's death , she VBZ away from NNP kingston , whose father , the new reverend , seems to be against the sutton family .	15	21	VBZ	seems	seem	6
the image allows the planets ' NNS to be VBN better , since they take many decades , even hundreds of earth years to orbit their host star .	6	14	VBP	take	takes	8
an editor with a conflict of interest who has VBN a conflict and is discussing proposed changes on the talk page is VBG with the guideline , as is an editor who is making JJ changes in mainspace that are consistent with other wikipedia policies and guidelines .	1	28	VBZ	is	are	27
since calcium cycling is used to VB fiber activation and NN , the sr component of the muscle fiber controls the NN of NN processes .	14	19	VBZ	controls	control	5
a kind of system of command among the various vessels is apparent in how flags are displayed on the NNS , but it does not appear to have been carried through RB .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
author and irish NNP NN linda NNP believes the dogs ' close NN with humans makes them RB aware and sensitive to ill will or JJ intentions leading to their NN as a guardian rather than guard dog .	0	7	VBZ	believes	believe	7
the idea of the template is sound .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
so after delayed extraction , a group of NNS that leaves the ion source earlier has lower velocity in the direction of the NN compared to some other group of NNS that leaves the ion source later but with greater velocity .	6	15	VBZ	has	have	9
NNP , NNP national director `` these findings are especially VBG because they show that the old , classical form of NN , which we had hoped was long gone in europe , continues to be JJ '' .	19	33	VBZ	continues	continue	14
NNP the language of NNP , a NN with a u ( n ) NN is an almost JJ NN .	2	15	VBZ	is	are	13
so , at the risk of appearing JJ , i believe that the notion that the public is not qualified to judge whether classification is being over used is inherently an JJ and JJ notion , VBG its widespread following .	13	28	VBZ	is	are	15
the first full entry on page CD is relevant .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the opera , which has JJ scenes , tells three true stories .	1	8	VBZ	tells	tell	7
mental disorders possibly associated with chemical NNS are depression and NN .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
the child of our home ) is a tamil language film starring m .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
joe ( tony curtis ) is a jazz NN player , JJ NN and ladies ' man ; his friend jerry ( jack NNP ) is a JJ jazz NN player .	19	25	VBZ	is	are	6
NNP 's face , such as it is in the original .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the cost of housing in the new building is three times cheaper than the market average price .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
NNP , in his review in 1843 , points out that NNP 's thought that his theory would not apply for NN waves is a mistake .	13	23	VBZ	is	are	10
NNP 's VBG former husband and laura 's beloved JJ rick NNP ( chris robinson ) returns to port charles .	4	16	VBZ	returns	return	12
on the year he was in the conference 's top five in several major JJ statistical categories , including NNS ( 1st ) , assists ( 5th ) and points ( 5th ) .	7	24	VBZ	assists	assist	17
many iranian businesses and individuals also rely on NN , an informal JJ money transfer system that exists in the middle east and other muslim countries .	2	6	VBP	rely	relies	4
according to the 2010 census almost three quarters of all asian americans live in california , new york , texas , new jersey , hawaii , illinois , washington , florida , virginia , and pennsylvania .	7	12	VBP	live	lives	5
the appearance of the church of NNP today closely resembles that of the renovation in 1872 , except for the colour .	1	9	VBZ	resembles	resemble	8
the fact that it is not is a NN of the quality of the editors of the article .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
specifically , developments in the JJ JJ NN are important for controlling NNS and planning ahead , while development in the JJ JJ NN is important for decision making .	18	24	VBZ	is	are	6
my favorite line in the chapter , not very subtle but describing such a realistic character , is , `` .	2	17	VBZ	is	are	15
some have argued that the JJ attention to gandhi 's theories in NNP NNP NNP NNP has both revived an interest in NNP under the new term , NNP in india and has likewise `` made gandhi suddenly hip .	6	16	VBZ	has	have	10
a mass estimate using the JJ radius of this star and its JJ surface gravity VBZ 2 .	2	15	VBZ	yields	yield	13
the hot air in the NN is higher .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the modern route to becoming a deck or engineer officer comprises a total of three years of which at least twelve ( six for engineers ) months is spent at sea and the remainder at a sea college .	2	10	VBZ	comprises	comprise	8
the best time to visit here is from november to april .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
extinct birds on the island include the large saint helena NNP , small saint helena NNP , saint helena NNP , saint helena NNP , saint helena NNP , saint helena NNP and , most RB , the st .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
NNP and the time lords are destroyed in the eighth doctor adventures novel the ancestor cell , but in the NNP of NNP street a mysterious NN wearing a NN appears who could have been the master , somehow surviving the NN .	26	30	VBZ	appears	appear	4
the problem with these kinds of intervention is that they all too often do more harm than good .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
NNP models available in the united kingdom are JJ ; but are popular grey NNS .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
NNP keep google search on NNP NNP gets CD hits , lots of them mentions in fashion NNS and NN columns .	3	7	VBZ	gets	get	4
it should be no surprise that if the overwhelming majority of an editor 's contributions is to a small area of the project , then the overwhelming revision rate will also be in that small area of the project .	9	15	VBZ	is	are	6
the name of the award is a reference to the NNP NNP novel around the world in NNP days in which NNP NNP VBZ the planet ( albeit by railroad and NN ) in 80 days .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the NN for VBG life history and extending NN is not on the y NN .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
some record of these arguments is worth keeping in an encyclopedia .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
assertion of notability within the article relies on VBG notability due to covering notable songs or counting youtube views and NN NNS ( and represents fairly small numbers of each ) .	0	6	VBZ	relies	rely	6
the farm , operated by NNP , produces enough energy for 13 , 000 homes .	1	7	VBZ	produces	produce	6
the only way this could be a NN JJ candidate is if it listed its part of speech , pronunciation , and NN .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
various NNS of these , such as `` NNP and two moves '' , are also possible .	1	14	VBP	are	is	13
the opening track from the album , the only one previously released , is the title song `` born to sing the blues '' .	2	13	VBZ	is	are	11
thus it is not possible to control the motor if the output frequency of the variable frequency drive is zero .	12	18	VBZ	is	are	6
generally , the value in VBG meat is that it creates a brown NN with a rich NN via the NNP reaction .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
no JJ use as the subject of the photo is not the building .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
in particular , it is only necessary to VB enough NNS ( in whatever base ) of the fraction so that all NNS that begin with those NNS fall into the final interval .	22	28	VBP	fall	falls	6
the length of the NNS is JJ mm for males and JJ mm for females .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
such crystal structures are generally less JJ ( more `` VBD out '' ) ; the atoms and chemical bonds appear as tubes of electron density , rather than as isolated atoms .	16	20	VBP	appear	appears	4
the main program offered by the uk college of NNP today is the JJ professional NNP .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
the dam at the north end of NNP lake controls the flow of the creek and strongly influences the first several kilometers of the stream .	1	9	VBZ	controls	control	8
the problem with an NNP is that we all get stuck on NNS and that is not useful .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
many residents of hastings work or have family members working at NNP or NNP steel .	1	6	VBP	have	has	5
the costume used in the sequel is higher in quality than the NN as well as the price cost NNP 50 thousand per set while in the NN the costume used costs only NNP 20 thousand per set .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
JJ cope , performing under the pseudonym of `` mother of the revolution '' ( NNP cope 's radical blog `` on this deity '' is also a black sheep project ) .	19	25	VBZ	is	are	6
half of the article is quotes ( a wikipedia NN ) , and it is RB npov .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
the additional information that he is 49 years old and mentally disabled makes it more of a scandal , and the fact that he is an JJ and that previous attacks on NNPS have led to NNS makes it JJ around the world .	2	12	VBZ	makes	make	10
the JJ criticism that the poems are too short is almost a parody , and its appearance in the NNP makes me wonder .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
a JJ feature of the page is to publish the text of angry NNS sent in by opponents , which bart calls `` monkey mail '' .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
many feminist scholars and women judges reject this view as VBN and inherently unfair to women .	2	6	VBP	reject	rejects	4
endorse deletion - the article about the single is plenty , if she continues to remain it the public notability and releases more records then we can VB , right now VBZ a one event itunes sales NN .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
financial institutions that deal personally have to charge more to break even , financially .	1	5	VBP	have	has	4
this part of the constitution contains the law in the establishment , VBG , merging or VBG the borders of the states .	1	5	VBZ	contains	contain	4
the ideas which led to their creation , while appearing to simply be the JJ mind of a childhood NNP , are in reality linked to his past life as the king of NNP space .	1	21	VBP	are	is	20
states which have similar practices are arizona , idaho , maryland , north dakota , south dakota and washington ) .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
i think this photograph of NNP NNP , the prime minister of finland , VBZ the article well .	3	14	VBZ	illustrates	illustrate	11
all the windows in the upper NN are NNS .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
fate of NNS , VBN for science , causes human hurt after six years '' , the new york times , may 23 , 1987 .	0	8	VBZ	causes	cause	8
regional and national training courses , meetings and conferences that help local health department staff connect to and learn from one another .	6	15	VBP	connect	connects	9
the total number of individuals in these groups each year is about 250 .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
in some ways NNP might be better treated as a primary source , as the facts per se that they report seem to be quite reliable , but any analysis or commentary from NNP is in the vast majority of cases JJ for an encyclopedia .	29	34	VBZ	is	are	5
although the idea of JJ NNS in theory has merit , it would need a separate wikiproject to run it , since the work load would be as big as - if not bigger than - that involved with stubs .	2	8	VBZ	has	have	6
the lack of NN in this sense is a NN .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
oppose , low level of wikipedia namespace edits indicates a likely lack of policy knowledge and low level of deleted contributions ( 16 total ) indicates a likely lack of experience with deletion .	3	7	VBZ	edits	edit	4
short term goals ( one or two years ) are usually specific and limited in scope .	2	9	VBP	are	is	7
her first cousin , john NNP , 3rd viscount NNP is an elected liberal democrat mp for the seat of NNP , NNP and easter ross .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
popular genres of commercial music , which are currently being played in town , include NN music and NN .	1	14	VBP	include	includes	13
the church of the NNP , marble arch , is an anglican church in the marble arch district of london , uk .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
because few opinions discussed the sources in detail ( the way NNP did , for instance ) , it is possible that a second and more thorough discussion will reach consensus .	10	19	VBZ	is	are	9
devices made with NNP belong to the JJ category of NNS ( NNP ) .	0	4	VBP	belong	belongs	4
an introduction to NNP ( 1974 ) , NNP NNP VBZ on the works of leslie white and lewis henry morgan .	1	10	VBZ	expands	expand	9
his press release , VBG by email and NNP news , describes the NN and eventual NN of the carnival .	2	11	VBZ	describes	describe	9
individuals that have a mandate to JJ law and public policy include the following .	0	11	VBP	include	includes	11
the speakers ( the NNP ) are RB NNS , however just like the NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP languages , they are closely related to each other than to the JJ language .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
the rocks beneath the summit are of the NNP formation , composed of NN sandstone NNS .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the right to compete in a pro tour has to be earned by either winning a pro tour NNP tournament or being successful in a previous tournament on a similar level .	1	8	VBZ	has	have	7
within the territory of the NN of rome , it plays the role of a commuter railway , but this section of the route has only two stations , roma NNP and NNP .	20	24	VBZ	has	have	4
the class of 1945 did only 45 NNS , but the class of CD now does CD .	11	15	VBZ	does	do	4
the resignation of NNP as premier corresponds to a decline of NNP 's influence in provincial politics .	1	6	VBZ	corresponds	correspond	5
the real point of radiation suits is to protect against NN with JJ particles .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the use of VBG as a form of NN is dubious because it could equally be considered to be the creation of a derivative work .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
a situation that often VBZ is that a person is in the news for one event , or for being associated in some way with a notable person .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP NNS RB and demands that the NNS come clean , but NNP tries to convince him that the sounds are nothing more than the trio .	1	8	VBP	come	comes	7
this version of the song also appears on her greatest NNS album .	1	6	VBZ	appears	appear	5
the most common application of this NN now is in NNS , NNS and NNS .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
additional educational opportunities in the form of a certificate program are also available from NNP international , NNP , and from the records management society in great britain and ireland .	2	10	VBP	are	is	8
the people of black race , as they are not peoples [ with a tradition of written literature ] , have developed the art of speech in a most special manner .	1	8	VBP	are	is	7
he was considered an important and influential intellectual figure in the early years of the 20th century , but a century later , the only creation which has remained in print and VBD him literary NN is the lunar trilogy .	25	36	VBZ	is	are	11
on the final days of july 2012 , NNP said at an interview that many teams have shown interest for him , and that the interest of NNP athens is a honour for him .	25	29	VBZ	is	are	4
after she has gone , the real NN , henderson 's best friend jack NNP ( NNP tone ) , shows up at the apartment and NNS cliff .	7	20	VBZ	shows	show	13
as if on NN , the JJ voice behind POS that ' makes yet another JJ appearance , joined by NNP NNP and NNP , in the JJ hip and JJ sounds of JJ criminal , NN or otherwise .	7	12	VBZ	makes	make	5
as earlier mentioned , the object of the game is to build four columns of suit sequences from king down to ace .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
this version of the coat of arms is in use since 1907 but differs only slightly from the version that was adopted in 1815 .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the courts of appeal of NNP and NNP hear appeals in dutch , that of NNP VBZ appeals in french and that of brussels VBZ appeals in both dutch and french .	1	8	VBP	hear	hears	7
the important thing about the neutral point of view is that the NN does not take sides - they describe NNS held by others , rather than holding any viewpoint themselves .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the NNS who are members of session have both executive powers as a group and pastoral responsibility .	1	7	VBP	have	has	6
a third video ( which also includes elements from the second ) is a NN of the band members in dark , JJ urban settings .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
in the final days of world war two the commander of a tiger tank tries to save his men by convincing them to desert so they may surrender to the americans before they are killed fighting the soviets .	9	14	VBZ	tries	try	5
the seating capacity of the arena is 14 , 000 and is primarily used for basketball , volleyball and tennis .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the c version of the missile , from 1974 , has an improved guidance section that gives the missile an JJ capability , as well as a new NN radar NN and an improved NN .	2	10	VBZ	has	have	8
the reason you have that message about `` NNP redirects here '' is because there 's a disambiguation `` NN '' template at the top of the article .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
movies subjected to criticism over allegedly JJ content include the last NN of christ and NNP NNP 's life of brian .	0	8	VBP	include	includes	8
old NNS and plate edges could easily have VBN over JJ time , but areas like the new madrid fault and the NNP mountains in north america still cause NNS today , even though they are both over 100 million years old .	14	28	VBP	cause	causes	14
the body of designation legislation used for legally protecting heritage assets from damage and destruction is complex , and dates back to 1882 .	1	19	VBZ	dates	date	18
main line trains operated by east coast and NNP pass through the station but do not stop , and the main line is also used by freight trains .	2	9	VBP	pass	passes	7
it must be VBN in mind that , in contrast with the commission , which represents the interest of the eu , and with the european parliament , which represents european citizens , the ministers of the council represent the interests of their national governments .	34	38	VBP	represent	represents	4
comments - i have done some NNS , though still have some concerns .	0	10	VBP	have	has	10
look at the page creation date for the first round draft picks in this years nfl draft .	0	11	VBZ	picks	pick	11
other amateur teams from the area also use the field throughout the year .	2	7	VBP	use	uses	5
it was a busy port with connections to the near east that continued into historic periods ; the rich finds and elaborate buildings reflect the importance of foreign trade for the NNP economy .	19	23	VBP	reflect	reflects	4
one to follow the first one around putting all of those VBN back ( including the JJ ones ) because the policy calling for removing attack NNP on sight is ridiculous .	21	29	VBZ	is	are	8
the oldest items on the list are RB .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
all roads for this item seem to lead back to its own NN without a single major newspaper article , despite the many claims on the page , and it seems to fall into the NNP painting territory as well .	1	5	VBP	seem	seems	4
the JJ activities in this hospital are JJ former staff members and patients , electrical NNS , VBD voices with JJ sounds , light NNS , objects moving on their own , lights turning on and off by themselves as well as a feeling of being watched .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the color of the shell is JJ , somewhat VBD with pale brown .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
farmers choose to grow and manage specific cover crop types based on their own needs and goals , influenced by the biological , environmental , social , cultural , and economic factors of the food system in which farmers operate ( NNP et al .	31	42	VBP	et	et	11
features of the pokmon mini include an internal real-time clock , an JJ port used to facilitate NN gaming , an NN , and a NN used to implement force feedback .	0	5	VBP	include	includes	5
today , the list of NNP clients includes dozens of institutions and agencies from NNS across the country .	3	7	VBZ	includes	include	4
the people that want this article to be deleted are n't JJ or JJ .	1	9	VBP	are	is	8
in addition , to avoid any conflict of interest , most communities with mayor 's courts have NNS VBP over sessions , rather than the NNS themselves .	11	16	VBP	have	has	5
in number theory , a branch of mathematics , NNP 's NN is the NN stated by that for a finite set of linear forms , , .	5	12	VBZ	is	are	7
similarly , the straight line between the green and blue NNS represents a fully VBN mix of green and blue light .	4	11	VBZ	represents	represent	7
a final example of research question which may RB be investigated using NNP techniques is of the following sort .	2	14	VBZ	is	are	12
duplicate articles ( whether lists or not ) are actually speedy JJ , per csd NNP .	4	8	VBP	are	is	4
on the other hand , NNP lane , which also is lined with similar types of structures , is two ways throughout and VBZ more traffic .	6	18	VBZ	is	are	12
october 2006 ( utc ) the only way you 'll keep them from VBG NN is to not let them install anything at all .	7	15	VBZ	is	are	8
the only `` sides '' we care about , the only points of view that make it into an article , are the ones discussed in reliable sources .	3	21	VBP	are	is	18
the length of the missile is 3 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
part of being mature is to be able to admit when you are wrong .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
the NNS that overlap the background are consistently RB at the edges , while the NNS that overlap the NN have smooth edges .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
the section of the americas holds a JJ , JJ NNP youth pilgrimage with visits to friends meetings in arizona , colorado and new mexico and to the rough rock friends mission in NNP territory .	1	5	VBZ	holds	hold	4
the other two synthesis methods used for these materials are JJ NN and NN .	4	9	VBP	are	is	5
racist attitudes , or prejudice , do tend to still occasionally occur in the israel towards the beta israel community , especially where high concentrations of beta israel exist .	24	28	VBP	exist	exists	4
JJ NNS from the prehistoric era are JJ .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
but there is no corresponding agency for the NNP ( largely due to the rough start the NNP got ) and as a rule the practical impact of living within blue line is minor .	26	32	VBZ	is	are	6
list of every mayor in the world is one of those lists that will never serve any purpose and are virtually impossible to update and verify .	0	7	VBZ	is	are	7
keep - opinion polls during election campaigns are always of questionable NN .	3	7	VBP	are	is	4
whereas he holds that the concepts of good and value are RB prior to that of right , he gives right a more than instrumental significance .	5	10	VBP	are	is	5
i am RB going to say that andrew NNP is non-notable ( and , of course , a conflict of interest as the user is andrew `` NN '' NNP ) .	18	24	VBZ	is	are	6
the challenge in this JJ style of racing is not only master your vehicle , but also the environment .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
adding detail of NNP 's NNS , NNP 's voluntary suspension or NNP 's NNS seems to VB that ideal .	1	15	VBZ	seems	seem	14
the focus of the medical NN is to VB the use of evidence based research and practice .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
my `` NNS '' with any of the others involved here are minimal .	2	11	VBP	are	is	9
the broader landscape VBN by the NNP near the coast is a generally mild VBG RB known as the NNP plain , which is virtually JJ of trees .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
located in the center of the NNP basin , the majority of the land is flat .	10	14	VBZ	is	are	4
the citations to JJ books written for their entertainment value do not ( to me ) qualify as adequate scholarly citations .	1	10	VBP	do	does	9
a public civil partnership between a same-sex couple takes place in dublin , the first time this has happened in ireland .	3	8	VBZ	takes	take	5
other plants in the habitat include pink NN ( NNP VBZ ) , VBZ rock NN ( NNP NN ) , JJ NN ( NNP NN ) , NNP 's NN ( NNP VBP NN .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
at room temperature , electrons in noble NNS move about freely , limited only by NNS with the JJ NN atoms .	4	8	VBP	move	moves	4
fair use in the phoenix NNP character portrait VBZ both the character design of NNP NNP as well as the art style of 'the phoenix NNP ' , in a manner which can not be achieved either by description or by use of any free recreated content .	1	8	VBZ	illustrates	illustrate	7
RB , equal amounts of NN and NN are used to make the NN , ensuring that the ratio of the two fat products is half that of the flour .	18	24	VBZ	is	are	6
the systematic name of this enzyme class is JJ NN ( NN ) .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
delegate 's closing comment - the prose is not up to standard .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the traditional occupation of the community is to function as household priests and to study and VB NNP knowledge .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the JJ gap between his first and second championships is also the longest ever .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
every proposal which further VBZ the process makes it harder for an individual article to stand on its own merits .	1	7	VBZ	makes	make	6
neither the NNS nor the literature are truly independent or JJ JJ educational activities .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the adjacent NN , known as NNP , is former home of the station 's fm NNS .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the username of the user who created the article is identical to the name of the article , which is identical to the name of the company being VBN in the article .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
it has been shown that the type of the items in the context list produced by the NN transformation is the `` derivative '' of the original type in a sense that is related to NN in NN by NN .	6	19	VBZ	is	are	13
lots of registered users edit on a casual basis without VBG to log in .	0	4	VBP	edit	edit	4
some features of the JJ culture and NN are RB distinct from the rest of germany .	1	8	VBP	are	is	7
week CD aired march 2 , CD conclusion of the challenge between NNP and NNP starts the show , with NNP winning .	7	15	VBZ	starts	start	8
portions of the poverty ridge neighborhood are also accessible from the station .	0	6	VBP	are	is	6
fair use in sunshine NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
renaissance decorative NNS such as NNS , NN and NN are common , as well as a certain degree of NN .	2	10	VBP	are	is	8
i read it , and it does not appear that the fact that the subject is living is an inherent issue .	11	17	VBZ	is	are	6
this double standard VBG open NN of anyone labeled as a `` nationalist , '' baltic and eastern european in particular , is RB offensive .	2	22	VBZ	is	are	20
it 's for when NNP is n't quite enough , when faith in the trust placed in administrators is n't quite enough to make NNP feel safe .	11	18	VBZ	is	are	7
keep , official albums by notable bands are notable .	3	7	VBP	are	is	4
as i have stated previously , the key feature of an open society is free debate .	8	13	VBZ	is	are	5
the only mentions i can find of ivan are in connection with NNP or concern rumors that he 's going to follow his brother into the NNP ring .	2	8	VBP	are	is	6
the political view of the NNP is liberal and NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
thus , the uncertainty of the term `` JJ '' is a reflection of the uncertainty in VBG NN eggs .	3	10	VBZ	is	are	7
a NN of JJ NN and NN leads to the first floor .	1	7	VBZ	leads	lead	6
the symbol for exact NNS is the NN letter .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
fossil traces in JJ limestone and JJ giant trees , NNS of the great eastern JJ forest that once covered tennessee , are important collections on the site , as are pioneer trees and seasonal NNS .	1	22	VBP	are	is	21
a phone NN or jack NN in the rear of the unit permits a set of test leads to be VBN in VBG a quick conversion between the two applications .	2	12	VBZ	permits	permit	10
appearances on the album include NNP NNP , drake , NNP , tech NNP , NNP 3000 , rick ross , john legend , bruno mars , NNP , kevin rudolf , NNP , NNP b , NNP , NNP , and NNP NNP .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
it is important to put emphasis on the word finite because even though every partial sum of the NNP series VBZ the function it is VBG , the limit of the partial NN does not .	28	33	VBZ	does	do	5
the problem with spending it on war is that it employs the fit as soldiers and the intelligent as weapons makers .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
if the very core of an article , the existence of its subject , needs a citation then it seems to me that afd is the proper way to go , not a citation needed tag .	3	14	VBZ	needs	need	11
the christian siege of the library ends when an NN of the roman emperor VBZ that the NNS are VBN , however the christians shall be allowed to enter the library and do with it what they please .	2	6	VBZ	ends	end	4
one highlight of the estate is the outdoor NNP pool , located near the edge of the NN , which offers an JJ vista of the mountains , ocean and the main house .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
systems of NN registration vary widely from country to country , and sometimes from locality to locality .	0	4	VBP	vary	varies	4
people from far away places visit during this time to witness the event .	0	5	VBP	visit	visits	5
the current mayor of NNP city is park in won , who began serving on july 1 , 2002 after VBG in the local elections of june 13 , 2002 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the age distribution , , in the NNP district is ; 9 , CD children or 6 .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the ribbon of the order is orange ( royal house of orange ) with blue ( NNP ) stripes near the border .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
romance , probably written by james malcolm NNP and thomas NNP NNP , begins NN , the first literary appearance of NNP todd ( 21 november ) .	0	13	VBZ	begins	begin	13
in addition , the JJ nature of the form allows NNP to incorporate elements of so many other art forms and works that attempting to identify them all would be a nearly impossible task far beyond the scope of this article .	5	9	VBZ	allows	allow	4
the NNS for the two NN preparations , though not identical , are largely the same .	1	12	VBP	are	is	11
the deputy to the inspector also holds 3 star rank .	1	6	VBZ	holds	hold	5
RB , his approach to speedy deletion is too aggressive in my opinion and shows an apparent lack of understanding when it comes to our speedy deletion policy .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
any other argument or no argument at all gives an JJ mark .	2	8	VBZ	gives	give	6
other islands in the immediate vicinity include NNP island , low island , mark island , NNP island , and peak island .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
merge into sergeant NNP school district , corresponding section already exists ; but VBP the text considerably .	0	10	VBZ	exists	exist	10
the quotes and VBN lists are a bit too long .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the NN NN along the NNP bay ( with bay of NNP ) and NNP bay has the NNP peninsula and the NNP peninsula VBG out into the baltic .	2	16	VBZ	has	have	14
in 2007 , a report by the office for standards in education ( NNP ) said , `` NNP school provides a sound education for its students .	4	20	VBZ	provides	provide	16
dispute NN believes that content in the controversy section and the discrimination section is not relevant or should n't be included .	4	13	VBZ	is	are	9
some examples of NNP experiments are JJ NN NN logistics and how to create drugs that do not breed drug NN NNS .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the background of the shield , the NN ( NN depicted tied to the helmet above the shield ) and the NNS of the eagles are blue ( NN in NN ) .	21	25	VBP	are	is	4
towns in JJ african countries are n't exactly VBN on the world wide web .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
they stress that stories of jews VBG the soviets on the streets , RB remembered by many poles from eastern part of the country are JJ and not reliable NNS of the level of jewish support for the soviets .	3	24	VBP	are	is	21
the point of a trial is that the operator reviews every single edit as it is made ; there 's no point to an `` automatic '' trial .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
given its JJ origins and the role that brussels plays as the capital city in a JJ country , the administration of the entire JJ region is in theory fully JJ , including its NNS and public services .	20	26	VBZ	is	are	6
v information on this group is already in list of collegiate a NN groups and there is thus nothing to merge .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the closest community to cape NNP is port NNP , NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the similarly JJ wings on the NNP NNP are due to just such a JJ change to the weight distribution of the aircraft .	3	8	VBP	are	is	5
oppose the subject is VBG , but the quality of the photo is JJ .	8	12	VBZ	is	are	4
the lead characters in the tv series NNP and NNP live in the fictional community of highland , texas .	2	10	VBP	live	lives	8
the ending to the second NN shows that NNP survives his sacrifice , and that NNP NNP and NNP are reunited after death .	1	6	VBZ	shows	show	5
the institution of engineering and technology ( NNP ) is the largest JJ professional engineering institution in the world .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the evidence on the market value of specific businesses varies widely , largely depending on reported market transactions in the equity of the firm .	1	9	VBZ	varies	vary	8
their use in a filter structure requires that some of the wave is allowed to pass out of one NN into another through a NN structure .	1	6	VBZ	requires	require	5
the wikipedia namespace , for example , contains information regarding the NNS of wikipedia .	2	7	VBZ	contains	contain	5
services in english also continue on satellite , both using swedish television 's satellite and the world radio network .	0	4	VBP	continue	continues	4
additionally , the purpose of NNP 's service is to VB web content , not store data .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
the NNP curve is not defined if the mean of the probability distribution is zero or infinite .	8	13	VBZ	is	are	5
valleys and flat areas are highly suitable sites .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
in the middle ages NNS typically would have NNS in separate areas within a monastery ; an early JJ monastery , royal monastery of our lady of the wheel , founded in CD , has this chamber clearly visible today .	19	34	VBZ	has	have	15
the electronic trends in JJ binding energy are not quite JJ to trends in JJ NN .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
productive horizon for water supply in case of need is the old bed of the river NNP .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the vertical stem of the `` t '' is equal to the width of of the stage .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
thus , it could be VBN that the JJ present for a NN is the direct result of his JJ NN to experience NN .	9	13	VBZ	is	are	4
males over four months old have white NNS .	0	5	VBP	have	has	5
regular use of the NNP NNP during daily activities prevents NN of NN and arch pain .	1	9	VBZ	prevents	prevent	8
evidence of NN in NNP NNS includes the discovery of polar NNS in australia and antarctica ( where they would have experienced a cold , dark JJ winter ) , and analysis of JJ structures within fossil bones that are typical of NNS .	0	6	VBZ	includes	include	6
responses on a test are consistent across questions .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
examples of JJ NN fields include those describing cold NN atoms , such as NNP .	0	5	VBP	include	includes	5
for one thing , i believe that the article in encyclopedia NNP also offers significant coverage by a reliable secondary source .	8	13	VBZ	offers	offer	5
when the eye of the storm passes over and violent seas return , the crew decides to find a way to destroy the creature .	2	6	VBZ	passes	pass	4
the upper level of the facade features a pair of windows VBN by single NN windows in a slightly VBN bay , with a prominent ruby theatre above .	2	6	VBZ	features	feature	4
the fact that they have yet to perform live is of no consequence to their remaining on wikipedia .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the flight path of the coventry airport runs just to the east of NNP .	2	7	VBZ	runs	run	5
if there is , at all , any god , it is within human being and the best way to VB NN is to serve the less JJ fellow humans .	18	22	VBZ	is	are	4
an example of internal climate NN is the el NNP NNP ( NNP ) .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
a large part of the basin is so dry as to be considered a desert .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the paragraph about her first marriage seems short on details about her marriage and is instead a NN of other facts .	1	6	VBZ	seems	seem	5
links in the article seem to assert his notability .	0	4	VBP	seem	seems	4
two bars , the three NNP and the underground , two shops , a print shop , a gym , and NN courts also form part of the union .	1	24	VBP	form	forms	23
however , the mouth of the columbia river is some 75 miles north of cape NNP , the area in which NNP 's naval reports claimed his JJ action took place .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
another approach to controlling biological reactions using smart NNS is to prepare JJ proteins with JJ NN binding sites close to VB or cell binding sites .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the specific name , NN , is latin for `` chain bearing '' , referring to the dorsal color pattern .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the name of the town in NNP means `` projected rock '' , a reference to the rocks which form the NN in the town area , which VBZ with the sandy beach of the surrounding areas .	1	7	VBZ	means	mean	6
the longest commercial van i 'm aware of is the escort NNP van NNP .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
the interior of the temple has beautiful NNS .	1	5	VBZ	has	have	4
the japanese version of NNP joe features music composed by NNP NNP and NNP NNP .	2	6	VBZ	features	feature	4
the most common and traditional use of the term NNP community is in reference to groups of residents ' continuing aspects of caribbean culture , customs and traditions in the united kingdom .	5	11	VBZ	is	are	6
the geographical spread of the evidence suggests this was a widespread phenomenon in asia minor during the roman period .	2	6	VBZ	suggests	suggest	4
however , the impact of the intense , JJ mexican NN on the global population is yet JJ .	3	15	VBZ	is	are	12
the students ' union building on NNP campus contains an 1800 capacity venue called CD , two bars , a number of retail outlets , and the hub .	4	8	VBZ	contains	contain	4
the stadium , used for soccer , football , track and field events , includes an 8 lane track , a high jump pit , a pole vault pit , and a long jump area .	1	14	VBZ	includes	include	13
these rivers ' origins , near the villages of NNP NNP and NNP , are only a few miles apart ; yet the NNP flows west to the NNP , while the NNP flows south to the NNP .	3	14	VBP	are	is	11
primary stress in old norse falls on the word stem , so that NN would be pronounced .	1	5	VBZ	falls	fall	4
he identified the NN books as `` the set 's most unusual components '' and felt that although the adventure they present `` is RB staged and reasonably engaging , it hardly merits a format this elaborate .	19	23	VBZ	is	are	4
the name of the band comes from the song el NNP del NNP by radio NNP .	1	5	VBZ	comes	come	4
in marked contrast , the tributary networks of the NNP , NNP , and particularly the NNP , are complex with different NNS often VBG different , and distinct , drainage patterns .	6	18	VBP	are	is	12
cities close to NNP also include NNP , and NNP .	0	5	VBP	include	includes	5
one requirement of using that algorithm is that VBG must be done as an exact NN of NNS .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
he calls a friend who tells him the NN cross is the map symbol for a NN .	3	10	VBZ	is	are	7
social economic zones , technology NNS , free trade agreements and technology clusters are some of the ways to encourage organizational networking and JJ innovations .	2	13	VBP	are	is	11
one method of VBG the impact of NNS on employment is to measure the period of time it takes to return to the NN employment peak .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
figures represented in bold are the highest scoring medal RB for each individual medal .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
to VB , check for serious blp issues such as attacks , unsourced negative statements , or potentially JJ claims , address those first if they exist , then move on to warn , then come back to think NN through which version .	14	21	VBP	address	addresses	7
this interpretation , however , though very common among scholars today , is not universal .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
at the viewing size , the colors in the edit seem to be less bright than in the original , and the difference in NN is rather small to begin with .	6	10	VBP	seem	seems	4
the difference between JJ manual ( 200 hp ) and auto ( 180 hp ) is NNS , NN , JJ body and the NN for manual come with NN .	1	15	VBZ	is	are	14
while a NN of 5 NNP is sufficient to kill a human , and a NN of 60 NNP is able to kill all cells in a colony of e .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the people who VBP - are mostly the NNS , the NN , the NNS - and they do that on windows too .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
any comparison of forest coverage number of a year before 1987 for india , to current forest coverage in india , is thus NN ; it is just JJ record keeping , with no relation to reality or meaningful comparison .	1	21	VBZ	is	are	20
a merge to NNP presbyterian church is not appropriate , given the international and distributed nature of the organisation .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
it is very apparent that future perfect 's subjective interpretation of the aforementioned `` evidence '' fails to prove any connection between myself and WP is behind the banned accounts listed .	9	16	VBZ	fails	fail	7
very high numbers of reference frames are rarely useful in terms of quality for NN material because frames from JJR back in time generally have less and less NN with the current frame .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
this atmosphere of tension and NN continues to grow through the next two sections ( `` the sun gradually becomes NNP '' and `` NNP '' ) .	1	6	VBZ	continues	continue	5
NNS final track , `` good NNS '' is RB the best known song on the album .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the 3 NNS of this enzyme are NN , NN , and NNP , whereas its two products are JJ and reduced NN .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
unlike the comic book NNS , this version of NNP apparently has no NNS , but wears a powerful NN within his costume .	7	11	VBZ	has	have	4
their way of VBG god is simple .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the traditional method to evaluate NNP is visual confirmation of JJ bodies in NNS by electron NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
since the gas is VBN at some unknown distance from the source of the NN , the mixture of gases in the sample is often not JJ .	17	23	VBZ	is	are	6
the city of NNP in the byzantine empire occupies an important place in the history of garden design between NNS and cultures ( circa 4th century - 10th century ce ) .	1	8	VBZ	occupies	occupy	7
terms of address for persons in an older generation distinguish whether the relationship is through the father 's or mother 's side and elder from younger siblings .	0	9	VBP	distinguish	distinguishes	9
in the united states , the purchase of rural land or raw NN is generally for investment purposes , although some NNS intend to build a home and reside there .	6	13	VBZ	is	are	7
the name of the city comes from the NNP words VBP `` meeting '' and VB `` town '' .	1	5	VBZ	comes	come	4
nonetheless , economic output in dollar terms is still far behind from the levels achieved in 1997 .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the hit single of the album is NNP , with lyrics and music by the artist NNP , and was very popular in turkey .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
a NN for all the episodes is reasonable .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
so , my short answer to your question is that after almost a month and more that 800 , 000 views , no one is questioning the fact this this is video of the CD march .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
much of the water VBG in london is still cast iron VBG which dates back to the nineteenth century and is slowly VBG .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
RB , the training area at the royal military academy NNP is also known as NNP .	4	11	VBZ	is	are	7
in the three songs in the NNP ' section , NNS ' links to a NN link , ( which it is n't listed in ) , light at days end and souls NNP have NNS , possibly indicating they 're NNS .	12	34	VBP	have	has	22
the spa towns , such as NNP vary , NNP NNP and NNP NNP , are particularly popular holiday destinations .	2	15	VBP	are	is	13
the main language of instruction in singapore is english , which was officially designated the first language within the local education system in 1987 .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
NNP pages attached to article talk pages seem to be growing as a place for unsourced , and sometimes JJ , NNS about article topics .	1	7	VBP	seem	seems	6
the rising sun logo of the united national congress ; this symbol of a political party is copyright , but usage of this image in article about the party appears to constitute fair use of the image .	20	29	VBZ	appears	appear	9
NNS VBN by the JJ lake are parent to the present soils of NNS , NN , and sand ; the NNS are in NNS which dominate the upper reaches of the river .	0	6	VBP	are	is	6
the fact that this article is of JJR quality than a featured article is no reason to delete .	1	13	VBZ	is	are	12
one thing that always VBZ me is editors , like this , who RB create a hostile atmosphere for others .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
i can point out the exact place where he stopped and sent money VBG through the air ; that 's where the character named martin NNP comes in .	22	26	VBZ	comes	come	4
taiwan 's sugar trade , which VBD for almost 400 years , is now a sunset industry , and the taiwan sugar corporation has VBN into tourism , NN , NN , and NN .	3	12	VBZ	is	are	9
it is also very interesting to notice that the technique of circular NN is successfully utilized while playing the NN .	9	13	VBZ	is	are	4
an important word which has very different NNS in european and american spanish is NN .	2	13	VBZ	is	are	11
the second part of the name means mill , regardless of its various forms .	2	6	VBZ	means	mean	4
the appropriate response to this thread as well as to your earlier stress level is probably `` joe , NNP .	2	14	VBZ	is	are	12
i do also wonder whether parts of the article are JJ , though i recognize that this is in part my own pet NN , when individual statements are supported by multiple citations .	5	9	VBP	are	is	4
the star of this NN is NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the increased control developed through NN in the different figures for voice allows the singer or speaker to VB the vocal mechanism specifically to produce these arbitrary voice qualities , and variations on them .	2	12	VBZ	allows	allow	10
you appear to have missed the point , water covering over the land is the problem of rising sea levels not the solution .	8	13	VBZ	is	are	5
at this point , the businesses begin to VB off , giving way to dense residential neighborhoods as the road crosses into the NNP city limits .	12	20	VBZ	crosses	cross	8
the consequence of all this is a never ending creation of more and more genres with less and less distinction between them .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
however , NN images from the NNP instrument on NNP suggest that JJ NN NNS and slope NNS are related and part of a NN of active mass VBG features formed by dust NNS .	3	10	VBP	suggest	suggests	7
the version on the single is an entirely different mix from the album version .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the objective of the NNP is the promotion of a contemporary , secular , and progressive judaism in the NN , in the NN of the struggle of the workers movement and of the JJ resistance .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
however , improvements in amino acid composition , NNP NNS , NNS , protein and NN NNS , and decrease in NNS and NN NNS are the JJ effects of the VBG process .	9	25	VBP	are	is	16
a major 18th century port city , newport now contains among the highest number of surviving colonial buildings of any city in the united states .	5	9	VBZ	contains	contain	4
the population of vancouver proper is CD , CD .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the JJS part of the deep sea is NNP NNP located in the western north pacific .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
JJ images , especially wheat NNS and clusters of NNS , are prominent throughout the building .	1	11	VBP	are	is	10
the current incarnation of the NN is mostly black , with white stripes on the front and lower half of the back , and white numbers .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
i ca n't imagine why , since both are the same brand , bought in the same amounts , stored in the same type of NN in the same place in the same NN ; the only difference between the types is the presence of JJ NNS of NNS .	37	41	VBZ	is	are	4
act CD mansion of NNP 's family , in NNP NNP is a young NN from south america ( presumably peru ) who is part indian and who has settled in NNP where he is not very well thought of .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
although NNP is JJR than NNP , game species such as NNS and NNS are less common .	8	14	VBP	are	is	6
vintage photos of racing horses , NNS and actors are on the wall include drawings of JJ girls as well as an image signed by walter NNP saying that he loves julius .	1	9	VBP	are	is	8
the aim of the coastal observatory is to build a time series of data .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the specific aim of these projects is to provide opportunities for children to complete their compulsory lower secondary education ( grade CD ) .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the origins and purpose of this die remain unknown , though the authors of a 1978 book on the great seal VBD it was a gift to washington and possibly an early version ( or JJR ) of a presidential seal .	1	7	VBP	remain	remains	6
besides NNP and NNP , other country stations owned by blackburn radio are NNP in NNP , NNP in windsor , and NNP in NNP .	7	12	VBP	are	is	5
a direct grant grammar school until 1968 , it is now a member of the NNP ' conference .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
its hills , NNS and coastal habitats which comprise coral NNS , NNS , sea grass beds , salt NNS , and mud NNS add to its NN .	1	24	VBP	add	adds	23
located at mount pleasant high school and part of the NNP school district , NNP currently broadcasts at 100 watts NNP and serves as part of the broadcast learning center of mount pleasant high school .	7	16	VBZ	broadcasts	broadcast	9
the NNS are inclined on the locomotives , to ensure that the NN tubes and the NN remain VBD when on the NN , a standard practice on mountain railways - the locomotive always runs JJ up the mountain .	26	34	VBZ	runs	run	8
the peak of NN hill appears similar to a volcanic cone and has a great JJ consisting of massive NNS attached to it .	1	5	VBZ	appears	appear	4
the please version of the song sounds very JJ in comparison .	2	6	VBZ	sounds	sound	4
the goal of this task force is to better improve information in articles related to pokmon species .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the clock on the church tower has only one hand .	1	6	VBZ	has	have	5
the NN - NN with the `` NNP is it !	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
his daughter , NNP , is currently a member of the NNP women 's basketball team .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the capital of NNP county is NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the process of JJ formation involves the NNP and NNP VBP VBG and forming a NN in the cell nucleus .	1	5	VBZ	involves	involve	4
JJ domain and NNP JJ protein 2 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the NNP gene .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the administrative center of NNP NN in the NNP ( west ) NNP zone of the NNP regional state , it has a NN and NN of .	2	21	VBZ	has	have	19
due to NN in the record industry over the later part of the 20th century , recent issues of the album are now on NNP records , a label that specializes in jazz .	17	21	VBP	are	is	4
any NNS of notability in the article are too vague to be relied on .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
they are mostly used in aid climbing , and their value as protection , VBG a NN 's fall , is marginal due to their low breaking strength , and the tiny surface area ( the NNP 0 measures about 4 x 7 x 2 .	10	20	VBZ	is	are	10
the first settlement of chinese people in the united kingdom dates from the early 19th century .	2	10	VBZ	dates	date	8
the page titles listed on missing topics about history of china all look reasonable to me , but i know almost nothing on chinese history .	2	12	VBP	look	looks	10
an NN from the schedule of the CD international congress on medieval studies , held in may 2007 , VBZ the structure and events of the congress as described below .	1	19	VBZ	illustrates	illustrate	18
the main component of this NN is NNP 's NN at inappropriate moments , resulting in words that sound like NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
many songs that are not singles are very popular amongst fans and they would RB want to read about them .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
delete with all political and religious NNS - i think these types of boxes only serve to create divisions in the community ; politics and religion are personal matters , not online matters .	11	15	VBP	serve	serves	4
the materials used in the structure are NNP , NNP , NNP , and related NNS .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
NNP 's son , NNP , is a member of the house of councillors of japan .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the head of the river is the NNP plain where there were NNS between JJ NNP and settled NNP in the 18th and 19th centuries .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the day i see an NN on wp is the day i quit using or contributing to it .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the NNS that have VBN at most k are exactly the NNS of NNS , and for this reason they are called partial NNS .	1	8	VBP	are	is	7
the age distribution , , in NNP is ; 85 children or 15 .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
note that the date in neutral citations will always match the date of the judgement , but the date in the law reports may be later than the year the case was heard in .	0	22	VBZ	reports	report	22
the NNP core NNP NNS ( NNP , NNP bold , NNP NNP , NNP bold NNP ) support the same character sets as the version 2 .	4	18	VBP	support	supports	14
in particular , intervention of NNS on the side of one of the NNS causes NN .	3	14	VBZ	causes	cause	11
the largest NN laboratory in the world , it is the only facility of its kind in the united states , among nine worldwide .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
truth in terms of the current understanding of the existing scientific literature is one of the most important things to consider when editing articles .	0	12	VBZ	is	are	12
a short walk in the hindu NNP is a 1958 book by the english travel writer eric NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
i thought that a NN was the line across a t , while the dot over an i is a NN .	14	18	VBZ	is	are	4
the NNP JJ NN NNS and their leader muhammad NNP maintain that only continuous NN will force israel to release NNS and give in .	4	10	VBP	maintain	maintains	6
many JJ NN runs and NN NN patterns in the left hand make this piece VBZ to master .	3	12	VBP	make	makes	9
the climate of la NNP is typically dry , warm and JJ with a year around average of between .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the main publication work of a scientist is in journal papers , and he has published CD papers ; the most heavily cited of them was cited CD times .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the contemporary name of the NNP region of NNP derives from its former status as the ottoman NNP of NNP NNP .	2	9	VBZ	derives	derive	7
the mental state of the NN of these worlds corresponds to the third NN , and is characterized by a quiet joy ( NN ) .	2	9	VBZ	corresponds	correspond	7
talks with new equity partners continue , and an announcement may come in the next few weeks , ' the source said '' .	0	5	VBP	continue	continues	5
if you want to record history that has not been recorded before , and history based upon your own NN knowledge , wikipedia is not the place .	14	23	VBZ	is	are	9
some people who have a strong point of view on the matter , from both sides , want to VB the presentation of some different points of view .	1	17	VBP	want	wants	16
however , the recorded history of NNP NNP goes back to the era before common era , connecting the region with the historic figure of alexander the great .	4	8	VBZ	goes	go	4
one layer ( the `` NNP layer '' ) VBZ specimens that are RB preserved with JJ NNS , forming the basis of NNP 's earliest and still classic papers which first documented JJ NNS of NNS .	1	9	VBZ	yields	yield	8
the top transfer campuses for NNP community college students are 1 ) NNP davis , 2 ) NNP berkeley , 3 ) NNP NNP san luis NNP , 4 ) ucla and NNP santa cruz ( tie ) , and 5 ) san jose state university .	3	9	VBP	are	is	6
the majority of its population either works in the NNP motors or goes to kolkata for work .	1	6	VBZ	works	work	5
the use of NN accounts shows this is clearly the JJ work of a persistent vandal .	1	5	VBZ	shows	show	4
the cities of winston , north carolina and salem , north carolina officially merge to become NNP .	1	13	VBP	merge	merges	12
the NNS , who are sent to ensure order during the elections , discover that the NNP is a shell organization run by a colombian drug NN that needs the island as a transit point to the united states .	1	13	VBP	discover	discovers	12
a movie about the NNP , what we do is secret , was in production for several years , and premiered june 23 , 2007 at the los angeles film festival .	1	9	VBZ	Is	Are	8
the standard form of publication in the humanities is the sole authored NN or chapter in edited collection .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
this JJ image of the official logo of the quantum learning network is a logo of a company , and , as such , is JJ for use at wikipedia at the article about the company , quantum learning network .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
my entry for the NNP gallery ( miami ) is my first entry on wikipedia .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
a classic example of RB perfect NNS is the case of NNS and NNS .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
at this point , NNP NNP announced on the NNP website details of the song 's release , saying , `` the first tune we 'd like you to hear is default .	23	30	VBZ	is	are	7
notable places of historic importance near NNP are NNP , a unesco world heritage site south-west of the town , which includes the NNP temple , the villages of NNP and NNP , and NN ' NNS at NNP NNP .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
the NN are VBN by conversion , so the charges about `` missionary '' NNS of critics ( miller ) are JJ .	9	20	VBP	are	is	11
considered the NNP 's most capable military leader , NNP , a NNP , is a NN NN in the NNP 's mission to VB the sector and carries out his orders with precision .	7	14	VBZ	is	are	7
i too believe the building of a true community is RB instrumental to the development of this online encyclopedia , and that NNS can play a useful roll in that JJ process .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
the second NN bone ( JJ bone of the index finger ) is the longest , and its base the largest , of all the JJ bones .	3	12	VBZ	is	are	9
the first NNS of the NNP rebellion occur between NNP militia and the NNP army .	2	7	VBP	occur	occurs	5
JJ argues that his NN was protected by the NNP protection act , the NNP NNS that NNP NNS are not protected because violations of executive agency regulations are equal to a `` violation of law .	23	28	VBP	are	is	5
his wife of 34 years , NNP NNP , lives in NNP and is a member of the NNP county school board .	1	9	VBZ	lives	live	8
NNP edits from seoul , korea and i have no doubt that VBZ NN ' is from the same exactly the same place .	1	8	VBP	have	has	7
since the chain is divided in two at each JJ step , the depth of the NN is log ( n ) .	13	17	VBZ	is	are	4
the need for requirements documentation is typically related to the complexity of the product , the impact of the product , and the life NN of the software .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
a major advertising group owned by NNP NNP , son of a former senior intelligence officer , runs the JJ daily NNP .	3	17	VBZ	runs	run	14
his brother , NNP , holds a party and VBZ all the princes , and NNP is killed by NNP 's servants , under the order of NNP .	1	5	VBZ	holds	hold	4
this whole discussion and the attitude of NNP and NNP is completely unfair to the the subject of this article .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
tony 's lawyer , sheffield , tells him that although he can VB VB away most of the time tony faces , he will still end up serving at least three years in prison for VBG income taxes .	2	6	VBZ	tells	tell	4
the principal streams VBG the southern part of the county include beaver swamp brook , blind brook , bronx river , NNP river , NNP river , saw mill river , NNP river , NNP brook and NNP brook .	2	10	VBP	include	includes	8
the purpose of a NN is to support articles , not to contain essential details .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
however the most efficient way to obtain the required CD to run and charge the NN is a JJ NN ( which is a different type of JJ NN ) that will run off a CD supply .	4	16	VBZ	is	are	12
narrator brian cox explains that `` in the competitive world of NN , the way to the top is via dead men 's NN shoes .	14	18	VBZ	is	are	4
your edit which improved or maintained the encyclopedia is my edit which was biased , incorrect , and politically motivated .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
its members and base classes are public by default .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the major use for hardware random number NNS is in the field of data NN , for example to create random JJ keys to VB data .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the causes that he VBD upon were the evident and JJ causes , or , in other words , the NN phenomena ; the remote causes he thought it VB to seek after .	21	25	VBZ	causes	cause	4
operational applications of JJ observations rely on JJ satellites , such as NNP second generation ( NNP ) , that continuously monitor the atmosphere with a NN rate of 15 minutes .	1	5	VBP	rely	relies	4
a large part of the other sourced material is quotes .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the european day of the NNP is a celebration established in 2012 by the european parliament to commemorate those who have stood up against crimes against humanity and NN with their own moral responsibility .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
aluminium NNS , generally CD series , are commonly JJ .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
the career NN record for most hit NNS is CD by NNP walter johnson .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
please indicate any instance where the shortened form of a title appears anywhere in an fa film article .	7	11	VBZ	appears	appear	4
examples of the NNP include the NNS ( NNP ) , crane flies ( NNP ) and black flies ( NNP ) .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
csd , and if anyone want to propose additional criteria , the talk page for that policy is the place .	13	17	VBZ	is	are	4
i meant that the fact that each bird on this list has been seen in north america is a fact in public domain .	4	17	VBZ	is	are	13
the name of the place means `` NNP tree '' .	1	5	VBZ	means	mean	4
my way of VBG you ' is the JJ mix .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
an example of this work is the interior design of the guest room in the state provincial office of NNP with paintings , NN , an iron chair and a glass table .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
a combination of the search function , the NN system and internal links from environmental articles is a more efficient method of using wp rather than using these lists .	9	16	VBZ	is	are	7
details of this event and the subsequent development of tools for analysis of NNS are at project space track .	0	14	VBP	are	is	14
the name of NNP 's green , a small hamlet about a mile to the west of NNP , VBZ the trade that VBD the area 's early wealth .	1	19	VBZ	recalls	recall	18
the appointment of the official NN often happens in individuals who have distinguished themselves by their efforts to study , investigate and VB JJ issues .	1	7	VBZ	happens	happen	6
defense lawyers for the six men , all french nationals , VBP the french government of VBG with u .	1	11	VBP	accuse	accuses	10
the entries in the list are JJ without them .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
shot in austin , texas in 2009 , NNP is JJ and NN of the film .	0	9	VBZ	is	are	9
the campus , located on the corner of NNP and NNP , serves as a location for area companies , organizations , and individuals .	1	12	VBZ	serves	serve	11
the statistical area `` de NNP '' , which also can include the surrounding countryside , has a population of around CD .	2	16	VBZ	has	have	14
the maximum penalty under the military JJ code is life imprisonment .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
professors at major research universities are notable .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
completed in june 2008 , the new configuration of the airport now enables it to handle 1 .	7	12	VBZ	enables	enable	5
the b-side of the JJ released single includes the song `` NNP NNP '' .	1	7	VBZ	includes	include	6
this device , while somewhat more NN , is JJ and is often used in human NNS and recently also in JJ psychology .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the plan of this two and one half story brick house derives from the JJ NNP and has a t extension in the rear .	1	11	VBZ	derives	derive	10
first , it assumes that the NN of VBG one 's turn is greater than the NN of performing a NN search .	6	12	VBZ	is	are	6
the only other ones i can think of , NN , are a ) language ; b ) NN ; c ) a very JJ genre approach .	3	11	VBP	are	is	8
the streets behind both sides of the avenue de FW have many japanese restaurants , and most of the NNS in this area `` JJ '' stores selling luxury brands .	1	10	VBP	have	has	9
notable tracks she contributes on include the one , beauty of NNP , NNP for a dead man , and CD .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
the back of the fish is JJ or brown .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
i agree with NNP - redirect to list of NNS in indonesia - on the condition that all information in the NNP page is in the indonesia page .	18	23	VBZ	is	are	5
NNP director gordon thompson said , `` the materials developed during this joint collaboration have the potential to significantly advance the NN of NNP in a range of applications where performance and stability are essential requirements .	8	14	VBP	have	has	6
the main characters in NNP NNP 's 1999 film NNP junction are NNP NNP 's supporters and one of the characters is a club 's player .	2	11	VBP	are	is	9
creator of this element is the NNP student called NNP NNP who has already fed up using JJ NNS such as NNP , NN etc .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
the JJ NN scheme described in this article is the most common NN , but there are many others .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
in 2013 , day one of the conference follows a set schedule with panels throughout the day .	3	8	VBZ	follows	follow	5
it 's a new beginning and the girls are getting coffee when a motorcycle VBG a huge NNP mail arrives .	13	19	VBZ	arrives	arrive	6
the reason i vote for keep is that this is a significant effort for the book community unlike the earlier efforts mentioned above and does deserve mention in the wikipedia .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
i told you that this JJ look real but what little i wrote is !	6	13	VBZ	is	are	7
everyday JJ references to death , dying , burial , NNS and to the people and places which deal with death are also protective , VBG terms either formal or informal , e .	2	21	VBP	are	is	19
examples of social marketing include the use of campaigns to encourage people use seat NNS , follow speed limits , or not to smoke in public .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
new developments such as auto ball feed and changes in the slope of the hitting area now allow the NN to experience the feeling of playing the ball where it lies , no matter where it lies .	1	17	VBP	allow	allows	16
RB you are correct that most folks and most scientists reject NN , but most consider it likely that there is some kind of JJ activity behind the world they see around them .	6	10	VBP	reject	rejects	4
examples of other titles which names are derived from are NNP , NNP , NNP in german language and king in english language .	0	9	VBP	are	is	9
critics of the NN NN theory counter that most natural NN sources are relatively large - NNS or entire fields .	0	12	VBP	are	is	12
the NNP group , which VBZ in the design and production of added value electronics and JJ systems used in the automotive and consumer electronics industry , operates two production plants in the town .	2	27	VBZ	operates	operate	25
the end of course test ( NNP ) is an academic assessment conducted in many states by the state board of education .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
one form of settlement risk is foreign exchange settlement risk or NN settlement risk , sometimes called NNP risk after the german bank that made a famous example of the risk .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the one thing that i am not proud of is my overly large user space edits , which i often am VBN to do by my medical condition , JJ disorder ; i only hope the community does not hold this against me .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
orchestral samples in the game are from the vienna NNP library , which features recordings of classical music by members of the vienna philharmonic .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the other problem with leaving such JJ remarks in is that it leads to subtle ( or JJ ) enabling of the NNS .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the capital of the county is JJ NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
while at the lake collecting rocks for research , john sees NNP with a baby .	3	10	VBZ	sees	see	7
the adventure of the christmas NNP and a selection of NNP is a short story collection written by NNP NNP and first published in the uk by the collins crime club on 24 october 1960 .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
on the other hand , the JJ NN of a NN gene is JJ to the mutant NN , since a NN ( with one mutant and one normal NN ) displays the mutant ( disease ) NN .	7	12	VBZ	is	are	5
the way you VBP another person also depends on your relationship and the context of the meeting .	1	7	VBZ	depends	depend	6
the earliest evidence of the cultivation of this grain comes from the NNP culture of china , which also cultivated the common NN , but JJ NN became the JJ grain only with the NNP culture .	2	9	VBZ	comes	come	7
in new jersey , `` [ t ] he JJ jurisdiction of the NNP division over appeals taken from JJ decisions of lower courts and of state administrative officers and agencies exists as a result of the combination of constitutional provisions and court rules .	10	31	VBZ	exists	exist	21
the band 's manager and producer , kim richards , is a music industry veteran ( pink floyd , queen , america , mike NNP , iron butterfly and kevin NNP of quiet riot ) .	3	10	VBZ	is	are	7
a commission of 6 volunteers with the current parish priest as president runs the everyday needs of the museum .	1	12	VBZ	runs	run	11
unfortunately , only a tiny fraction of human knowledge is on the web , so i am unable to provide the sort of web links that make editors happy , but i am working on gathering better information .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
the rising action , in the narrative of a work of fiction , follows the exposition and leads up to the NN .	2	13	VBZ	follows	follow	11
featured article criteria of concern mentioned in the review section include referencing , NN and due weight .	2	10	VBP	include	includes	8
look , the fact is that there simply is not a separate JJ verb for every single action one could possibly take .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
the meaning of secret NN remains unknown .	1	5	VBZ	remains	remain	4
because of limited access , fishing pressure on the lower river is light .	6	11	VBZ	is	are	5
a critical phase and actually essential requirement for VBG outcome of the NNP surgery is the compliance to a strict physical therapy program .	2	14	VBZ	is	are	12
the CD algorithm ( POS order combined NNP ) extends NNP in a variety of ways , which affect how NNP VBZ NNS to test while extending a clause under construction .	2	9	VBZ	extends	extend	7
the process of reverse transcription is extremely JJ , and the resulting NNS may cause drug resistance or allow the virus to VB the body 's immune system .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
also , RB one example of the popularity is its use by nonprofit organizations ( NNP ) .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
small mammals , ranging in size from NNS to NNS , are regular prey and often become the NN 's primary prey during winter .	1	11	VBP	are	is	10
in general , while supporters of chinese NN believe that all languages used on taiwan should be respected , they tend to believe that NNP should have a preferred status as the common working language between different groups .	4	8	VBP	believe	believes	4
the concept of being JJ only really makes sense for hollow objects .	1	7	VBZ	makes	make	6
the little church of st lawrence at bradford on NNP dates back to his time , and may safely be regarded as his .	2	10	VBZ	dates	date	8
this method of VBG contract price allows the NN method to more accurately account for the NN 's basis in the property .	1	6	VBZ	allows	allow	5
NNP is appointed NN of chancellor NNP , a JJ job he does not desire , but then his master , NNP NNP , makes him a knight , instead of the former NNP he was .	19	24	VBZ	makes	make	5
the left side of his coat of arms is the shield of the diocese of NNP .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
coach of the team of 2005 is the legendary NNP NNP - NNP NNP - NNP .	0	6	VBZ	is	are	6
an important general result of the theory states that if g is a group with NNP 's property ( t ) then g does not admit any JJ splitting , that is , that any action of g on a tree x without NNS has a global fixed NN .	35	44	VBZ	has	have	9
devices VBG a NN with a trigger NN are available .	0	8	VBP	are	is	8
fair use in brown NNP girl NN is a sound sample from a commercial recording .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the NN of NN NN similarly passes behind the lateral NN into the sole .	1	6	VBZ	passes	pass	5
the decision to have the club 's home shirt with black and white stripes is indeed NN to the island and its history .	1	14	VBZ	is	are	13
furthermore , the church , through its schools , offers to all parents the option of a christian education for their children .	3	9	VBZ	offers	offer	6
this is the JJS form of the NNP cylinder , and it can be seen that if the ratio of outer to inner NN is greater than e the NN inside the bore actually VBZ the NN of the magnetic material used to create the cylinder .	18	24	VBZ	is	are	6
the chief risk officer ( NNP ) or chief risk management officer ( NNP ) of a corporation is the executive NN for enabling the efficient and effective governance of significant risks , and related opportunities , to a business and its various segments .	3	18	VBZ	is	are	15
school districts in the region provide opportunities for advanced learning through gifted and academic NNP programs and VBN programs in music , visual arts , and dramatic arts .	1	5	VBP	provide	provides	4
first inaugural run of NNP temple golden car is november 2 , 2009 ) will run during important festivals like NNP , NNP , NNP festival etc .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
NNS of JJ NNS come from the fact that , in order to reverse sense of rotation of one NN , a NN needs to be used or the engine or engine installation must be different .	0	4	VBP	come	comes	4
his writings , like those of his fellow NNS , reveal considerable mathematical training and facility .	1	10	VBP	reveal	reveals	9
current examples of JJ states include the NNP empire , the NNP state , the NNP ' kingdom of NNP , NNP ( NNP state ) , NNP .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
entry to these chambers is from a VBN hall .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
the purpose of this essay is to provide an opinion as to what exactly is going on with the NN and linking of dates .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
today among historians , the argument that you just asserted -- that there was an economic system particular to VB nations and distinct from other systems -- is subject to a considerable amount of debate .	5	27	VBZ	is	are	22
disorders characterized by NN include NNP 's disease and forms of NN .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
this minor act , coming at a time of JJ environmental NN , appears to have entered the public memory as references to it have VBN her over the years .	2	13	VBZ	appears	appear	11
the second reason that it would probably be found JJ is that this essentially says that a doctor is required to provide treatment to a JJ child , or NN , however way you want to describe it .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
his engagement in addressing JJ issues and campaigns is extensive .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
JJ compounds ( NNS ) include NN compounds , NNS , NNS , JJ NN compounds , NNS or NNS .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
the process of ip NN is from soft core to generate JJ hard ( hardware ) NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the market pressures experienced by small NNS in rural areas also VBP to NNS being more expensive in these areas than in urban areas .	2	11	VBP	lend	lends	9
not included in either lists are works currently considered lost , fragments , and works for which details other than title are unknown .	17	21	VBP	are	is	4
the current NNP NNP members of the JJ house of assembly are NNP o'connor , nick NNP , kim booth , tim morris and paul NNP .	4	11	VBP	are	is	7
a NN hammer , of mass CD , falls under gravity on to a piece of hot metal which VBZ in a fixed die .	2	8	VBZ	falls	fall	6
some companies that VBP NNP information are NNP , NNP , and NNP .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
the last musical bridge is extended and very JJ , while part of the NN raises and reveals a tunnel into which farmer goes and VBZ .	11	15	VBZ	raises	raise	4
NNP 's monthly deutsche NNP publication , which VBZ to bridge national and cultural differences , is the JJ version of the traditional cultural newspaper .	5	16	VBZ	is	are	11
schools , churches and a JJ environment now VBP the western portion of NNP hill .	0	8	VBP	characterize	characterizes	8
motion of the aluminium NN in the magnetic gap creates JJ NNS within the material , which further increase the temperature , VBG long-term survival .	0	9	VBZ	creates	create	9
rapid growth occurs and the NN 's main external features begin to take form .	2	10	VBP	begin	begins	8
NNS who perform more of the operations each year tend to have fewer patients VBP .	0	9	VBP	tend	tends	9
a common feature of the NNP group is a better resistance to certain types of environmental stress , such as low water availability and high salt concentrations , than many traditional european grape varieties .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
its creator , baron NNP , appears to have been defeated .	1	6	VBZ	appears	appear	5
the family of NNP NNP mozart sets out on a european tour , ending this year in paris .	1	6	VBZ	sets	set	5
the point of posting a notice here is to VB the participation in the discussion beyond the currently three involved parties ( NNP , NNP and myself ) .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
for example , in the game of go , the stones , which are black and white , are of slightly different sizes ( black slightly larger ) , to give the appearance of being the same size .	10	18	VBP	are	is	8
rocket raymond the inhabitants of a distant planet believe that rex is their hero , rocket raymond .	3	8	VBP	believe	believes	5
the priority of south NNPS full development is not only due to its shared nature with NNP , but also with huge capability of the field to add significant liquid production to iranian liquid export capacity .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the lower three counties of the province of pennsylvania become the colony of delaware .	3	9	VBP	become	becomes	6
the purpose of the cement is to seal the NN or NN and prevent fluid from VBG between underground rock layers .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
although languages that are described as having NN and JJ aspects agree in most cases in their use of these aspects , they may not agree in every situation .	1	11	VBP	agree	agrees	10
the islands in the eastern part are part of the NNP NNP strict nature reserve , except NNP de la NNP and NNP island .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
the philosophy behind athletics at curtis as stated by the school itself , is to help to VB in a person , the values of NN , NN , and playing by the rules .	1	13	VBZ	is	are	12
in summary , without specific NNS that the contents of the website are either NNP or under a license which is compatible with wikipedia 's , it is generally assumed that the copyright of all the contents of the website belong to the website owner .	8	12	VBP	are	is	4
the history of the poles in baltimore dates back to the late 19th century .	1	7	VBZ	dates	date	6
the two upper floors , divided by two thick frames , feature 37 VBD windows with JJ stone frames .	3	11	VBP	feature	features	8
small villages that form part of upper santa cruz are NNP , NNP village , NNP road , NNP , NNP , NNP heights , NNP , NNP , la NNP settlement , and NNP .	1	9	VBP	are	is	8
the linux distribution that the book and video focus on is NNP , particularly the NNP edition .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
NNP ( finnish ) , NNP ( swedish ) , `` administration of forests , '' is a JJ enterprise in finland .	11	16	VBZ	is	are	5
the top field to the right of the center field shows a building , perhaps a shrine , with a NN VBN on its roof .	2	10	VBZ	shows	show	8
this means that the information we are citing is JJ , not physical .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
fair use in local NNP live IN this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
NN because their contribution to the project is valuable and with a little more NN i would have been looking to support .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
a failed NN bid for elected office is not notable .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
international patent applications filed under the patent cooperation treaty are not subject to the payment of maintenance fees .	2	9	VBP	are	is	7
the first entry , for the year CD , reports a battle at NNP NNP between NNP NNP `` with the NNP NN '' and NNP mac NNP with the NNP NNP .	2	9	VBZ	reports	report	7
for such occasions , the women of the family traditionally prepare an elaborate set of dishes , including NN , NN , NN , and so forth .	5	10	VBP	prepare	prepares	5
with NNP 's NN proven beyond doubt , and both pairs of lovers reunited , the entire cast ( including the dead NNP ) VBZ on stage for the final chorus , as they celebrate the reign of a JJ and JJ king .	17	24	VBZ	gathers	gather	7
NNP NNS that are only VBN are not light brown and NN , but rather are dark yellow and NN .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
other examples of JJ NN receptors include the NN receptor , the NNP receptor , the NNP protein receptor , the NNP NNP growth factor ( or NNP ) receptor , etc .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
the only remaining building in the village is the w .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
in the NN , the advantage of an exchange is usually enough to win the game if the side with the NN has one or more NNS .	18	22	VBZ	has	have	4
as above , hill has no notability independent of his book , and i think that a mention of the book in the NNP article as NNP suggests below should be sufficient .	17	27	VBZ	suggests	suggest	10
the climate of the village is cool in summer and cold in winter .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
JJ easy JJ section of the test is approximately 55 questions , with the exact number of questions varying with each test administration .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
their extremely aggressive abuse toward me repeatedly also makes it obvious that they are no NN .	3	8	VBZ	makes	make	5
the first part of the sentence is a complete statement , introducing a directly related explanation .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
these titles and their accompanying tenure include the condition that he can not have any salary , influence , or opinions .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
the music video for this song features scenes of pink and others ( assumed to be her NNS ) getting dressed , having fun on a subway , and going to a NN .	2	6	VBZ	features	feature	4
the number of NNP branches increases by 16 to CD .	1	5	VBZ	increases	increase	4
note that only step 4 of the above procedure produces reduce actions , and so all reduce actions must occupy an entire table row , causing the reduction to occur regardless of the next symbol in the input stream .	0	9	VBZ	produces	produce	9
other holy NNP trees which have a great significance in the history of buddhism are the NNP tree in NNP and the NNP tree in NNP , sri lanka .	3	14	VBP	are	is	11
the record most NNP won by a female artist in one night is six .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
the amount of NN needed depends on the NN , with NN materials requiring more NN , but the NN is always less than the NN of the NN .	1	5	VBZ	depends	depend	4
the top of the head is black with yellow stripes .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
commercial light water NNS ( NNP ) generally use the NNP cycle , which is what JJ power plants use .	3	8	VBP	use	uses	5
the writing on the show is particularly effective at creating a sense of NN and NN , one reviewer noted , and the music and graphics contribute effectively to the tension and fear as well .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
one major division of truth claims is that between positive and negative truth claims .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
every field of sets and so also any NN also is a ring of sets .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
NNS , advertising agencies and the media agree on a code of advertising standards that they attempt to VB .	3	7	VBP	agree	agrees	4
the method to do so is to define what words to change when you alter the version .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the main difference with the euro symbol is that it is included in most NNS , while the NNP is not .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the NNPS had predicted that without their intervention , the end of the universe is JJ , and that life will cease to exist in the future .	10	14	VBZ	is	are	4
this film , also released as part of the snow white dvd , is a more JJ version of a trip through the walt disney studios , as well as be used as an even bigger way of promoting snow white .	1	13	VBZ	is	are	12
his wife , whom he also coaches , is the NN NNP NNP .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
notable social psychology experiment is the stanford prison experiment conducted by philip NNP in 1971 , although the NN of this field experiment is not JJ of the field .	18	23	VBZ	is	are	5
the cabinet of the netherlands is the main executive body of the dutch government .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
after a boy named NNP NNS NNP and NNP for `` NNS '' and attacks them , they learn that the king of the country possesses a mysterious power .	21	25	VBZ	possesses	possess	4
despite still not being mentioned on NNP debris , an original example of NNP chess is one of a number of NNP sets held in the gilbert and NNP NNP NNP collection , detroit , michigan .	11	15	VBZ	is	are	4
this NN , now known as the NNP NN , is the NN NNP ( g ) generated by all the NNS of the group g .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
in some systems , a whole range of JJ structures forms as the NN gets NN .	6	14	VBZ	gets	get	8
another novelist , NNP , belongs to NNP .	1	5	VBZ	belongs	belong	4
companies that share certain characteristics may be referred to as a sector or industry , and investment professionals often refer to having a larger or smaller NN of investment assets to a particular sector .	0	19	VBP	refer	refers	19
the NNS of model rockets and the NNS of NN rockets act RB to keep the axis of the rocket pointing in the direction of flight , which will not overcome the NN , but will greatly reduce it , and will give a gravity turn NN .	1	11	VBP	act	acts	10
the prize for each award is 3 , 000 euro .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
many customers who took out a shared appreciation NNS now find themselves trapped .	1	10	VBP	find	finds	9
NNP said that the government 's explanation for the missing footage is that the tape was being replaced at the time .	6	11	VBZ	is	are	5
further evidence of this can be found in the season 8 episode `` kill clause '' , the ending of which implies that NNP has VBN the murder of a corrupt ceo who had his employees murdered for their life insurance .	11	21	VBZ	implies	imply	10
my idea of a perfect NN painting is one in which every detail is perfectly realistic , yet filled with a JJ , JJ mood .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the 2010 edition of malaysia cup starts on 14 september 2010 and concluded on 30 october 2010 with the final , held at national stadium , NNP NNP .	2	6	VBZ	starts	start	4
the fact that it was written by people whose first language is not english makes it all the more impressive .	1	14	VBZ	makes	make	13
the term , albeit not positive , is important .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the picture of the hull on the stars and stripes ( yacht ) page is JJ not any of these boats i am writing on , but is one of the more recent boats , perhaps usa 11 .	1	14	VBZ	is	are	13
a soldier VBG his duties is not news .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
on looking into the NNP has modern culture and society in the NN and the NNPS in the background , while one nation , two cultures is entirely about american culture and society .	22	26	VBZ	is	are	4
a gang of NNS VBG a synagogue is not news .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
in 2005 he commented , `` from the bottom of my heart , i hope that the NNP center will be a place where positive thoughts NN and where students from the school of architecture gather when they want to get together to discuss their ideas .	29	38	VBP	want	wants	9
three different shapes of NN NN water NNS reflect three different transport modes within marine NNS .	2	8	VBP	reflect	reflects	6
the presentation of this dispute gives me the impression that the filing party is looking for a discussion on the fa status .	1	5	VBZ	gives	give	4
it 's worth noting that the content on 19th century representations is n't any better in quality than that on 20th and 21st century representations .	6	11	VBZ	is	are	5
fair use in NNP ( graphics ) though this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
the idea of JJ `` NNS '' stems from NN observations by 19th century NNS who , beginning with giovanni NNP in 1877 , believed they saw networks of lines on the planet .	1	7	VBZ	stems	stem	6
the algebra of random variables provides rules for the symbolic NN of random variables , while avoiding VBG too deeply into the RB sophisticated ideas of probability theory .	1	5	VBZ	provides	provide	4
national merit finalist as compared to NN is noteworthy and not resume VBG .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
notable graduates of leicester high include diane and NNP NNP , better known as the NNP light twins .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
the history of the NNPS dates back to the 4th century .	1	5	VBZ	dates	date	4
tracks 16 - 68 are all approximately 4 seconds in length .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
the basic course for peace officers without firearms is a JJ program VBN to VBG school safety agents on the NNS of law enforcement .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
another instance of double NN involves responding to a seemingly JJ sentence that could have a sexual meaning with the phrase `` that 's what she said '' .	1	5	VBZ	involves	involve	4
by contrast , the names of f , l , m , n and s ( ) remain the same in both languages , because `` short '' NNS were largely VBN by the shift .	4	17	VBP	remain	remains	13
secondary invasion by fungi and bacteria sometimes occurs .	1	7	VBZ	occurs	occur	6
the top of the volcano has a shallow crater and its NNS are covered with the thick remains of ancient NN flows that emerged from NNS in the volcano 's NNS .	1	5	VBZ	has	have	4
modern VBP NNS have been designed to prevent damage to the NN NN tube from NN energy reflection , and aluminium packages designed for NN heating are available .	21	26	VBP	are	is	5
RB , searches of web content for the case only find mirrors and a single book which is simply a bound edition of this article and others from wikipedia on this subject .	2	10	VBP	find	finds	8
prominent finds from NNP and its vicinity are on display at NNP , the museum of nearby NNP NNP .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
an active church in the church of england , NNP is part of the diocese of blackburn , which is in the province of york .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
the study of this culture helps determine at least some origins of NNP ) , is the VBG with feet and talking backwards , mixing the NNP , english , french and portuguese .	1	5	VBZ	helps	help	4
JJ languages , particularly JJ languages such as hawaiian , NNP and NNP , possess a dual number for NNS but not for NNS , as NNS are generally marked for plural RB and not RB .	1	14	VBP	possess	possesses	13
the bottom water of the arctic ocean is more isolated , due to the NN of the arctic ocean floor and the surrounding arctic NNS .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the municipalities on its shore are NNP , st .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the people in NNP 's paintings are anonymous ; more like symbols than individuals , and it is not difficult to see how they connect to the history of abstract NN .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
the original discussion here by NNP is as JJ as her many other accusations towards me .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
due to its low altitude toward the NNP , and lack of any protection , this is the only part of central urban area of belgrade that gets flooded during the extremely high waters of the river .	10	16	VBZ	is	are	6
he is in danger of losing his life 's work because the angels ' new owner , NNP lawrence ( NNP ) , is unhappy with the farm system and threatening to eliminate the team 's scouts .	15	23	VBZ	is	are	8
the duties of the manager include team strategy and leadership on and off the field .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
each card in the deck represents either a dragon or a NN , has a strength between 1 and 13 , and a special ability or power .	1	5	VBZ	represents	represent	4
the language spoken by the christian community is different dialect of NNP language .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
despite their lack of NN over the years , their home stadium , NNP , typically draws the highest average attendance figures of any ground in super rugby .	11	16	VBZ	draws	draw	5
there is no consensus that every episode of every tv show gets an article .	6	11	VBZ	gets	get	5
with the proper NN , training and practice , soldiers armed with both the NNP and NNP are quite deadly .	9	17	VBP	are	is	8
several versions of both NNS exist .	1	5	VBP	exist	exists	4
other fighters who have had boxing matches ( many of which were title fights ) in NNP hall include sugar ray leonard , oscar de la NNP , roberto NNP , NNP lewis , roy jones jr .	1	18	VBP	include	includes	17
with only weeks before the next JJ competition , NNS begin to find scott a new dance partner but , unknown to his parents , scott secretly begins VBG with JJ NN NNP ( NNP NNP ) , a NN dancer at his parents ' studio .	2	10	VBP	begin	begins	8
the korean wave , or NNP , refers to the spread of popular culture and entertainment from south korea to other parts of the world .	2	7	VBZ	refers	refer	5
they also omitted the songs in my blood and blue NNP , the reason for their NN is unknown .	13	17	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP theory that implies all of the past , present , and future is real .	1	13	VBZ	is	are	12
one specific disability characterized by poor NN is JJ , defined as JJ type of learning disability that specifically VBZ a person 's ability to read .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
RB , NNP 's neighbor and NN , claire , RB agrees to take her in .	4	11	VBZ	agrees	agree	7
wallace has shown that the females of certain NNS from the malay archipelago appear in three RB distinct forms without intermediate links .	5	13	VBP	appear	appears	8
the only function of a dead word is to make a sentence harder to read than necessary .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
apparently the only thing wrong with this article is that it is a `` dictionary definition '' , not because of it lacking in NN .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
a descendant of NNP , bringing his own accusations to the authorities , references a trial of NNP for one of the crimes he is accused of in the NN , under the NNP NNP .	1	13	VBZ	references	reference	12
placing the NN point on t with the circle 's radius r , a second point g is identified on the JJ line a ; thus , t is the NN of the line segment NNP .	15	28	VBZ	is	are	13
thus if a cone VBN with an initially circular ( or JJ ) NN becomes VBN into an NN ( NN ) , it is possible for the volume NN to VB if the NNS along the principal JJ JJ one another .	3	24	VBZ	is	are	21
one issue that faces product NNP is that they are chartered with developing much of the content for the various NNS ( sales , NN , customers , blogs , etc .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
a young union soldier ( tom carey ) enters a church in washington d .	3	8	VBZ	enters	enter	5
the upper parts of the body are dark black and the NNS are white .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
fair use for NNP NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the president of the college is rabbi daniel NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
although the fate of the japanese rebels is unknown , NNP was eventually VBN and VBN back to france .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
this JJ list of australia 's largest churches by regular attendance provides both regular attendance and formal membership , from recent records , of some of the largest churches at particular locations around australia .	2	11	VBZ	provides	provide	9
the basic mechanics of the games are largely the same as their NNS ' .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the VBN version of this bird , commonly known as the chinese NNP , is a common NN NN and can be found on small NNS throughout the country .	2	14	VBZ	is	are	12
in that case , the court held that challenges to a state 's republican character are JJ political questions , and that the decision of whether a state is `` republican '' in NN with the guarantee clause may be decided only by congress .	8	15	VBP	are	is	7
filled with VBG NN , and a JJ cast of characters , journey to NNP brings an JJ story of the `` NN '' and RB VBZ an honest and JJ portrayal of the immigrant experience in america .	8	15	VBZ	brings	bring	7
an oak tree has been depicted on the reverse of the pound coin ( the 1987 issue ) and a NN of oak leaves and NNS is the NN of the national trust .	16	26	VBZ	is	are	10
his only claim to `` notability '' is he once invaded a bob dylan performance .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
his father , NNP , soon comes to visit , and they decide to become a family after NNP offers to be NNP 's father ( NNP never had any parents ) .	1	6	VBZ	comes	come	5
the eastern part of the parish is in the NNP hills .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the best known community in the township is south NNP , the northern JJ point of the ms NNP NN ferry which VBZ the main channel of georgian bay from the community of NNP on the bruce peninsula .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
another type of electronic civil NN is the use of the internet for VBN and JJ violations of a law that the protesters take issue with , such as copyright law .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
this page of the virtual museum website says that the pages are licensed under NNP , which is not compatible with wikipedia because of the `` NNP '' part , and the page where the image is actually from does n't say anything different .	1	7	VBZ	says	say	6
i should have enabled account creation , too , since the only thing we want to block is her anonymous editing .	12	17	VBZ	is	are	5
i still VBP an account there so i can VB in JJ elections and at some point i want to bring NNP to alaska , but the rest of that site is a NN of NNS and other varieties of NNS .	27	31	VBZ	is	are	4
the player whose turn it is gives the top NN to the player who called it .	1	6	VBZ	gives	give	5
the carrier force of the japanese navy is also RB incomplete , featuring only the NNP , NNP , and NNP classes .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
a cross set into the road marks that location on what is now broad street , the nearby NNP ' memorial , at the south end of st NNP ' , VBZ the events .	1	6	VBZ	marks	mark	5
secondly , the particular needs and drives of humans explain the class NN which is generated under NN .	4	9	VBP	explain	explains	5
a 2006 report by the special inspector general for iraq reconstruction ( NNP ) notes that out of the CD , 000 weapons turned over to the us since the fall of NNP 's regime , only 12 , 000 serial numbers have been recorded .	2	14	VBZ	notes	note	12
yet , perhaps the decision that NNP will be most remembered for is his leaving first NN bill NNP in the game in the 10th inning rather than removing him for a defensive substitute .	4	12	VBZ	is	are	8
such techniques , typical of VBG work of the time , are very different to the much faster and fluid way of drawing on a plate that blake employed for his relief NN , and indicates why the NNS took so long to complete .	1	11	VBP	are	is	10
comment - if you look at the only website VBN in the article it states that the only use of NNP ( in the sense ) is by the web page author .	18	26	VBZ	is	are	8
bare NNP ; both to make the citations NN and also to make the info JJ again if the web addresses of the articles ever change and VBP your links useless .	20	25	VBP	change	changes	5
their daughter , herself a musician , is JJ player NNP NNP .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
early one morning '' ( NNP CD ) is an english folk song .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
JJ options for JJ treatment include NN NNS ( usually VBP ) and loop NNS .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
the comment on polish and romanian NNP communities is totally unacceptable and JJ .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
former NNP teacher and author NNP NNP reports that she told her NNP students that their NN was chosen for them based on their personal interview , while JJ roy NNP , religious scholar j .	2	7	VBZ	reports	report	5
if the NN this user ' button on the left is too obscure for you , i would recommend either putting a special link to it on your userpage ( e .	6	10	VBZ	is	are	4
the JJ conception of history - which originated within NNP ' the origin of the family , private property and the state ( 1884 ) - holds that society has evolved through a series of progressive stages .	2	26	VBZ	holds	hold	24
i 've been trying to change my signature now for several months and no matter how i input it , it tells me it is invalid .	14	21	VBZ	tells	tell	7
i would also add that the existing pages on architectural NNS and JJ engineering are - no offence - NN , NN and sometimes wrong , and i am willing to help VB this as far as i can , being a professional in the area .	7	14	VBP	are	is	7
in many organisations , the concept of a JJ period is quite normal .	5	10	VBZ	is	are	5
on april 5 , 2013 , NNP confirmed that the wii u port of the game is no longer in development .	12	16	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP 's theorem states that the volume enclosed by a material 's NNP surface is directly proportional to the particle density .	6	14	VBZ	is	are	8
finally , i see no indication that NNP is lacking in communication skills , although the points raised by dennis , john , NNP , et al are perfectly valid and were VBN in before i opted to support .	16	27	VBP	are	is	11
thus , the `` grey aliens '' seen VBG humans are really just as much a slave race or `` shells '' for the NNP as the infected humans are .	5	29	VBP	are	is	24
the JJ version of the album contains an additional four tracks .	2	6	VBZ	contains	contain	4
an VBN copy of the map is available with the JJ location of the collapse indicated in red .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
a later version of the software has , instead of ads , a `` search all sites '' feature , which is a JJ search bar that VBZ listings of JJ files at different NNS .	2	6	VBZ	has	have	4
NNP is now the united states ' second most popular holiday ( after christmas ) for VBG ; the sale of candy and costumes is also extremely common during the holiday , which is marketed to children and adults alike .	19	24	VBZ	is	are	5
his NNS of humans , general confusion , NN and NN references are generally the basis of episodes .	1	12	VBP	are	is	11
its construction , at least the components still visible , dates back to norman times and has VBN significant changes over time , especially in NNP and NNP times .	1	10	VBZ	dates	date	9
NNP VBZ NNP that his next match with NNP will decide the true champion , but before the duel , NNP and NNP discover more about NNP 's origin ; little by little , the secrets involving NNP , NNP and the NNS start to VB .	35	43	VBP	start	starts	8
the action of NNP , featuring david NNP , takes place in los angeles .	1	9	VBZ	takes	take	8
the municipal boundary on these and the other peaks marks the watershed between the NNP and the NNP .	2	9	VBZ	marks	mark	7
sorry to VB , but warnings like that encourage vandals , they get some kick out of getting a warning .	5	12	VBP	get	gets	7
i know for a fact that the content of this article is true , but it is impossible to verify .	7	11	VBZ	is	are	4
the name given on her NN , donna NNP , is similar to that of the original black NNP , NNP drake lance .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
the meet of two NNS is their intersection .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
one entry in the diary relates how NNP criticized her string quartet writing as `` too JJ .	1	5	VBZ	relates	relate	4
although the area of central NNP is subject to NNS , the general trend is that of NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP databases , analysis , and NNS are accessible only to VBG clients and to students in participating university libraries .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
in a similar manner , the performance of the equivalent RB compiled program will depend on the quality of its generated machine code , so the test or comparison also has to report the name , version and NN of the used NN , and its activated NN NNS .	26	30	VBZ	has	have	4
his photographs of festivals and leisure activities are full of a somewhat JJ NN and show the influence of NNS such as henri NNP , NNP NNP , homer NNP and his own collection of the work of sir benjamin stone .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
categories of fish images parallel JJ categories .	0	4	VBP	parallel	parallels	4
the basic platform of the group is to VB the power of the NN and to protect the long-term interest of hong kong .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the unnamed principal of NNP high is well known throughout campus as a NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
attractions in the city include NNP market , the NNP museum , an NN sanctuary , a bird sanctuary , NNP point , and the nearby kit NNP and NNP island national park .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
in england and wales , as in scotland , designation as a national park means that the area has been identified as being of importance to the national heritage and as such is worthy of special protection and attention .	9	14	VBZ	means	mean	5
where the road beyond NNP lodge makes an JJ JJ NN to NNP national park , the area known as upper NNP VBZ NNP avenue .	2	6	VBZ	makes	make	4
the basic concept of the NNP license is to promote the wide use of the NNP software while collecting information for claiming the contribution of the project .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the spirit of the bill , though , is that lgbt soldiers will be treated just like any other soldier , in any branch .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
list of cities and towns in austria is the appropriate place for them .	0	7	VBZ	is	are	7
given its exceptional abilities as a swimmer , the entrance to a bronze dragon 's NN is quite naturally underwater , and often VBN with NN and coral .	9	16	VBZ	is	are	7
price 's other NNS for that drawing include `` mother pyramid feeding her baby .	3	7	VBP	include	includes	4
NN NNS , named after the community , have an international reputation among NNS .	1	8	VBP	have	has	7
awards or NNS on your user talk page , not that they have any real value in terms of cash money .	0	12	VBP	have	has	12
with the mind of a JJ detective , the body of an extreme sports athlete and the NNS of a NN NN at high NNP , NNP leads the team and serves as a NN to NNP lambert .	9	27	VBZ	leads	lead	18
december 2006 ( utc ) i dont think the NN NN NNS in unless they grow up with the same parents .	11	15	VBP	grow	grows	4
variations within a family likely reflect the intensity of the NN , how the NN is controlled , whether it is VBN or JJ , and the NNS of the event that VBD the NN .	0	5	VBP	reflect	reflects	5
the NNP numbers of a complex surface depend only on the JJ real NN ring of the surface , and are JJ under JJ NNS except for NN , 1 which increases by 1 under VBG up a single point .	2	7	VBP	depend	depends	5
origins in this table are JJ and NNS were allowed to give more than one answer .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
syndicated programs seen on NNP include NNP , the dr .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
example , in the phrase `` NNP NNP NN NN '' literally means from time to time .	0	12	VBZ	means	mean	12
it occurs on a dying , VBD earth JJ of all `` successful '' humans ; the only remaining inhabitants of the planet are people with no NNS RB .	19	23	VBP	are	is	4
one approach of many NNS is to VB ' to the reader and warn them about their own NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
in 2005 small completed `` NNP 's feast , '' a piano piece commissioned by the phillips collection to celebrate the return of NNP 's painting le NNP des NNP ( NNP of the NNP party ) to the washington gallery .	12	28	VBZ	des	de	16
taking breaks from his final work on the project , NNP visits many buildings and public spaces of 60 's and 70 's NNP origin , the architecture and design of which serves as inspiration for much of his work .	27	32	VBZ	serves	serve	5
within the same NN , eggs laid earlier in the sequence have higher NN levels than eggs laid later in the sequence .	5	11	VBP	have	has	6
the overall concept of this weapon is similar to the american NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
it would be a good idea to include in the history section the information that the origins of the NNP name are unknown and that there are local variations .	16	21	VBP	are	is	5
low NNS , all historians agree , were JJ and were needed to fund the federal government .	1	5	VBP	agree	agrees	4
most fiction writers , as they go along , have some sort of plan for how a scene is going to develop , but being human , they sometimes write things without realizing that they are JJ with the intended developments .	2	9	VBP	have	has	7
suddenly a group of warriors hidden in one of them VBZ , NNP and her ladies in waiting are VBN , and the ships all sail back to germany .	2	10	VBZ	emerges	emerge	8
a book by category ( ) is one kind of reference book in ancient china .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
in this case , the article in question ( NNP ) has four sections , but the first diff i linked could be viewed as a model of the two options .	5	11	VBZ	has	have	6
the house in which NNP was born is now the NNP town museum and is known as the NNP NNP .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the article , to a degree , VBZ the ultimate direction of logical thinking and holding it above a belief in god .	1	7	VBZ	explores	explore	6
the primary keys for news article citations are the NN , NN , title , and publication .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
one question in my view is whether checkuser information should be released simply for the sake of some community NN and no other clear remedy .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
according to the company , the use of this tool leads to reduced NN and candidate selection costs .	6	10	VBZ	leads	lead	4
current production at the NN is 18 , 000 cases .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
delete - the fact that the NNS should ( probably ) also be nominated for deletion has little relevance to this debate .	3	16	VBZ	has	have	13
the NNP theorem in special NN VBZ the possible linear and JJ NNS of a JJ object .	2	6	VBZ	restricts	restrict	4
the genre of the series is a special kind of platform game called `` marine platform '' , due to the game being more about swimming than running and jumping around .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP ' NN of the prince goes badly when she proves unable to distinguish between the real prince and his NN double .	2	6	VBZ	goes	go	4
some defenders of the theorem hold that it is applicable when voting is aimed at determining which policy best promotes the public good , rather than at merely expressing individual preferences .	1	5	VBP	hold	holds	4
google search on `` NNP human '' shows only 47 unique results - no significant coverage found from independent sources .	1	7	VBZ	shows	show	6
a movie of to my boyfriend is also in planning stages .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
thus , the life of fernando NNP is the story of a composer VBN by circumstances that limited his musical career .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
there a quite a few good sound recordings already , perhaps more than most of us VBP .	7	16	VBP	realise	realises	9
features of the surrounding countryside include cork oak trees , olive trees , wheat fields and cattle NN , which together present a reasonable summary of the community 's principal sources of income .	0	5	VBP	include	includes	5
its installed capacity for JJR generation is 250 mw .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
keep change in the medical world is a slow process .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the image on the front cover of the album is a satellite view of downtown san diego .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the main problem with your additions is that they are copied NN from another source .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
i think the relation to the latin word NN is pure NN .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
the west front in five JJ sections remains typical of JJ architecture under the JJ NNS .	2	7	VBZ	remains	remain	5
a hiking trail known as jeremy 's run trail crosses the stream 14 times in the national park .	2	9	VBZ	crosses	cross	7
fair use in NNP from the planet NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
NNP is thought to have died in poverty , and the date of his death is unknown ; he was buried on 11 august CD .	11	15	VBZ	is	are	4
a NN clip ( also known as a NN , especially in british and in commonwealth military NN ) is a NN that holds several NNS ( usually consisting of 5 or 10 rounds ) together in a single unit for easier loading of a NN 's magazine .	2	19	VBZ	is	are	17
the idea of VBG all known NNS occurs in some NN of the NN of the prime numbers , where it is used to VB the existence of another prime .	1	7	VBZ	occurs	occur	6
more than 250 species of JJ birds and many other water birds stop in black NNP rock country for varying lengths of time .	3	12	VBP	stop	stops	9
well-known songs from the score include `` falling in love with love '' , `` this ca n't be love '' and `` sing for your NNP '' .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
mostly just JJ , some arguments of both sides seem to hang on it .	5	9	VBP	seem	seems	4
tram lines 4 , 9 and 11 serve the station , these are operated by de NNP .	1	7	VBP	serve	serves	6
along with other study guide manufacturers like NNP , NNP and NNP 's NNP , they control most of the north american market share for study guides .	5	16	VBP	control	controls	11
substantial populations descended from english colonists and immigrants exist in the united states , canada , australia , south africa and new zealand .	1	8	VBP	exist	exists	7
although not the direct ancestor of NNS , NNP is important because it gives us an idea of what the ancestor of both JJ and JJ mammals might have looked like , and also gives an indication of when these mammals may have originated .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
archaeological findings throughout the area indicate that NNP was inhabited in prehistoric times and has always been occupied by various ethnic groups .	1	5	VBP	indicate	indicates	4
the ones that come closest to significant coverage are the first four in the NNP times .	1	8	VBP	are	is	7
the second of these , `` forest of statues , '' is a circular painting based on the dimensions of `` the sanctuary '' at NNP .	6	11	VBZ	is	are	5
newer immigrants , however , maintain their language traditions .	1	5	VBP	maintain	maintains	4
hp fan with an JJ sense of humor is JJ .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
four hundred soldiers and ten officers and cadets fall prisoners in the hand of the CD regiment soldiers , which advance till the north edge of the NNP village .	2	8	VBP	fall	falls	6
spanish ) , a bridge in the city of NNP , lima , peru , which NNP insists is the true NNP de los NNS .	4	18	VBZ	is	are	14
i do not expect that any findings of fact or NNS will be posted for a few weeks still , since more evidence ( and examination of that evidence ) is likely to be JJ .	22	30	VBZ	is	are	8
blood tests for the NNS are important JJ tools .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the first written record of the town 's name dates back to CD .	3	9	VBZ	dates	date	6
increased wealth NN and income NN causes NNS in the housing market that push rent NNS higher , making housing JJ .	2	6	VBZ	causes	cause	4
the lower part of the park has several small exotic JJ structures , VBG algeria , where NNP spent part of his life .	2	6	VBZ	has	have	4
floyd 's husband , tim floyd , also is a professor at the walter f .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the holder of a NN , known as a JJ , has the right to use ( JJ ) the property and enjoy its fruits ( NN ) .	1	11	VBZ	has	have	10
weak keep the NNP bush NNP was involved is so many controversial issues involving the press that i think its press spokesman is notable enough .	12	18	VBP	think	thinks	6
the most JJ thing , however , is that this admin 's response to what he VBZ as criticism .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
on the other hand , NNS who experience a run of bad luck are more likely to suspect NN play when simple NN is the most likely cause .	5	13	VBP	are	is	8
JJ NNS are created for VBG the NN , and are not VBG sex toys , although the shape of some NNS allows for NN and the NN of inner JJ zones .	18	22	VBZ	allows	allow	4
the main occupation in this area is agriculture .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
german military officers who are actually known to have worn a NN include hans NNP , NNP von NNP , and hugo NNP .	2	12	VBP	include	includes	10
like NNP , NNP appears very cold and NN at the beginning of the series , however , following interaction with NNP NNP , NNP , like his master , begins to VB up and develop a much more pleasant NN .	19	30	VBZ	begins	begin	11
the first program director of `` tv bulgaria '' is NNP NNP .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
the length of head and body ranges from 1 .	1	6	VBZ	ranges	range	5
the poems of the NNPS fill many volumes , and are made up of NNS , NNS , NN and blank verse .	1	5	VBP	fill	fills	4
as many families in the area have JJ NNS compared with the perth metropolitan region , private schools such as NNP NNP college , NNP college , lake NNP baptist college and st .	2	6	VBP	have	has	4
here 's the problem - the title of the women 's page is usa women 's national basketball team .	6	12	VBZ	is	are	6
cars driven by the NNS are also different ; NNS drive muscles , NNS drive NNS and scouts drive NNS ( although the first two JJ NNS ( NNP and NNP ) drive cars according to the player 's chosen car class at the start of the game ) .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
since the concentration factor is less than in JJ NN plants , the temperature of the heat transfer fluid is lower .	13	19	VBZ	is	are	6
NNP NN , common name the tan NN , is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family NNP , the margin snails .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
but the center of the sphere seems like the obvious place from which to project .	2	6	VBZ	seems	seem	4
william NNP teams , nicknamed RB as the warriors , are part of the national association of NNP athletics ( NNP ) , primarily competing in the california pacific conference ( NNP ) .	2	10	VBP	are	is	8
the only reliable sources that i can find are for films that have the same name .	3	8	VBP	are	is	5
other significant grape varieties , used primarily in NN , include NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	3	10	VBP	include	includes	7
although the majority of the literature mentions only one genus VBG NNP to humans ( NNP ) in the us , a 2003 study by NNP suggested a new classification for american sand flies , VBG several NN to the genus level .	2	6	VBZ	mentions	mention	4
a second theme , marked , appears in bar 33 .	2	6	VBZ	appears	appear	4
the final leg of the NN circuit is the longest .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
this latter pattern is common throughout the NNP languages , though in some it is combined with an explicit NN case , so that both parts of the compound are marked .	25	29	VBP	are	is	4
lines a and b are automatic metro lines , which use NNP technology built by NNP , now part of NNP transportation systems .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
the standard description of measurement in quantum mechanics is also time JJ ( see measurement in quantum mechanics ) .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the only legitimate material on the article page is a fair , informative , biography of her .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
horror fans in the us and britain seem to remember him best however for his two demons films and a blade in the dark .	1	7	VBP	seem	seems	6
image used only in vandalism ; description on the image page is not accurate .	6	11	VBZ	is	are	5
other names in common use include JJ NN , and VB NN .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
the population of the village of NNP is almost entirely NNP ( romanian ) .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the fact that at times he acted as chief of the general staff during world war ii indicates that van NNP had JJ trust in his abilities .	1	17	VBZ	indicates	indicate	16
each team of the annual race consists of six runners who must complete six laps through the historic city streets .	1	6	VBZ	consists	consist	5
NNP tape , a single NN has a more damaging effect .	1	6	VBZ	has	have	5
recreational facilities in the park include JJ tables , play equipment , and a NNP bike track .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
use of separate NNS for this purpose is one of the key features that VBZ the NNP steam engine of CD from the NNP steam engine of CD .	0	7	VBZ	is	are	7
my contributions to warriors ( novel series ) and wikiproject warriors are the ones i am most proud of .	1	11	VBP	are	is	10
the first parameter to the country data template is actually the name of the formatting template .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the new holder of the cup is NNP sofia as they beat NNP NNP with final score CD in 2011 and they became the most successful club in that competition .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the only reasonable outcome i can see is to tell him to stop and follow reasonable NNP , collaborative editing .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
please note that socks should typically not be added to the archive without going through an active case , particularly where the chance of NN accounts is high , so i have moved this out of the archive for action by a clerk .	22	26	VBZ	is	are	4
this picture of NNP only exists on the english wikipedia .	1	5	VBZ	exists	exist	4
the total depth of the NN is about 1 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the story of NNP and NNP NNP appears to be common to both bengal and NNP .	1	7	VBZ	appears	appear	6
the JJ organisms in NN associated with JJ NN disease generally reach the bone from adjacent NN NNS .	2	11	VBP	reach	reaches	9
NNP NNP concentrations in human milk appear to be much lower than those of JJ NNP .	2	6	VBP	appear	appears	4
today the second teams of both clubs play in the stadium .	3	7	VBP	play	plays	4
some original JJ seals , however , still survive from as early as the 6th century .	3	8	VBP	survive	survives	5
the `` judge '' , a sympathetic criminal called `` the governor '' , agrees .	2	14	VBZ	agrees	agree	12
NNP ( debates in the form of poetry between two people or objects or concepts ) are also extant .	2	16	VBP	are	is	14
he studied the culture to express how the songs of the NNP are a cross between a creation myth , an atlas and an aboriginal man 's personal story .	8	12	VBP	are	is	4
the primary NN of the star NN is that the hub represents a single point of failure .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the estimated population of new zealand at the end of 1855 is 59 , 500 mori and 37 , CD NN .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
a central issue in JJ ethics is the problem of evil , the apparent NN between a NN , JJ god and the existence of evil and hell ( see problem of hell ) .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
famous soldiers of the division include sergeant NNP c .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
the primary purpose of this organization is to protect against NN and loss of life , and to provide emergency medical care to all persons on the university of delaware campus and neighboring communities .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the grandmother tells jerry that the girl told many stories , and a later visit to one of her friends reveals that NNP had a friend she called `` the giant '' .	14	20	VBZ	reveals	reveal	6
according to the united states patent and trademark office , the trademark for this image is dead and is now in the public domain .	11	15	VBZ	is	are	4
the west landing , which is situated in such a NN , VBZ in a cave .	2	12	VBZ	terminates	terminate	10
the NN in the brake cylinder has a flexible NN ring that allows air to pass from the upper part of the cylinder to the lower part if necessary .	1	6	VBZ	has	have	5
the official remix of the song features puerto rican singer tony NNP .	2	6	VBZ	features	feature	4
although females from the species , NNP NN , NNP NN and NNP NNS tend to be the JJR sex , it is not uncommon to observe males from different spider species such as the NNP NNS and NNP NN , to be VBN as well .	1	14	VBP	tend	tends	13
the switch , however , has a list of registered nodes ( currently containing only the NNP node ) and VBZ every one of them .	1	5	VBZ	has	have	4
the lyrics to `` indonesia NNP '' are a mix of NNP and indonesian .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
the slight twist in natural NNS then makes the arrow NN in flight , which increases accuracy .	2	7	VBZ	makes	make	5
the tourism sector is JJ , and JJ NNP NN requirements ( including a letter of invitation from an approved source in belarus ) are a JJ to tourists .	10	24	VBP	are	is	14
NNS , the NNP league , several NNP cities ( of which NNP and NNP are the most important ) and NNP pirates against the forces of rhodes and later NNP i of NNP , NNP , NNP , athens and NNP .	8	15	VBP	are	is	7
other public sector agencies that are major employers in the city include central scotland police , scottish prison service , NNP forth valley and the scottish environment protection agency .	3	11	VBP	include	includes	8
the artifacts , which date from the NNP to the early christian period , VBP primarily from excavations of the tenth NNP of prehistoric and classical NNPS .	1	14	VBP	derive	derives	13
a norman element on NNP 's coat of arms is its NN , st .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the name of the town is from NNP NNP , a land agent and land owner .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the business that began in 1958 with one product now VBZ more than 250 products through fast food and other restaurants as well as other institutions .	1	10	VBZ	distributes	distribute	9
the JJ systems of stars other than the sun and the solar system are a JJ element in much science fiction .	2	13	VBP	are	is	11
the NNS against NNP 's idea , also believe that he lacked the scientific evidence to support his claims .	1	8	VBP	believe	believes	7
the diameter of an JJ NN is about 2000 NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
his NN , john watson , notes the physical wound took seven years to VB , but the psychological damage lasted a lifetime .	1	6	VBZ	notes	note	5
NNS with whom she has been featured include northeastern pennsylvania philharmonic , NNP has also served as a frequent competition NN and master class presenter .	0	7	VBP	include	includes	7
the merits of his edits , or the merits of the edits of other editors , or the conduct of other editors are all irrelevant for the purpose of determining whether NNP violated the editing restriction or not .	1	22	VBP	are	is	21
NNP ( event ) - NNS ( 20 NNS shows for 15 seconds each ) are on a given topic .	5	15	VBP	are	is	10
students who want to pursue an education past the ( JJ ) cycle NN enter the four-year college from CD .	0	14	VBP	enter	enters	14
among the NNP , the most prominent case of JJ NN is that of charles ii of spain , who had VBN so pronounced he could neither speak clearly nor VBP as a result of generations of politically motivated NN .	7	11	VBZ	is	are	4
an opinion given at an afd contrary to policy is likely to have little weight , even if lots of people make it .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the leader of this party is helen NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the `` NN '' keeps the NNP from moving RB in flight and the `` brake '' , when left on , is the cause of the ( de ) NN noise .	15	22	VBZ	is	are	7
the kitchen , with a small NN , is in the rear .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the effect of NNP on NN NN is JJ of NNP 's VBG power .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the flight of these NN is characteristic and some genera ( i .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the holdings in mexican NNS are especially rich .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the most common type of trust here is one resulting from NN ; where somebody in a JJ office makes JJ profit , that money will be held on constructive trust for the NNS of his office .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
i believe this article about one of the arguably most significant and complex naval battles of world war ii is ready for consideration for NNP status .	3	19	VBZ	is	are	16
the ending theme for episode 14 is `` NNP ga NNP NNP '' by NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
examples of JJ devices include NNS , and firearms with a bore over one half of an inch , including some JJ NNS .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
the boundaries of NNP NNP are NNP NN to the east , NNP to the west , and NNP NNP to the north .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
another theory for the emergence and growth of the novel of NNS is that the changes taking place in english society were VBG the class boundaries .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
other entities VBN by NNS include NNP , NNP , and NNP , and NNP often receives the worship of those NNS who have VBN evil .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
another goal of the work is to set each composer 's work in its historical and cultural background , describing the forms of composition that served as a musical background for a composer in his JJ years and then VBG his contributions .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
deleted articles with JJ titles some of those categories are JJ !	1	9	VBP	are	is	8
rural NNP service ( NNP ) provides basic , analog communications service between locations deemed so remote that traditional JJ service or service by other means is not JJ .	20	26	VBZ	is	are	6
either a manual ring , or an electronic motor controls the angle of the NN leaves and thus the size of the opening .	3	9	VBZ	controls	control	6
the thunder bay river VBZ the southern portion of the township , while NNS of the black river VBP the northern portion .	13	18	VBP	drain	drains	5
the main purpose of the establishment of the NNP agreement is the abolition of physical borders among european countries .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
perhaps the most well known geological feature in this park is the NNP falls .	6	10	VBZ	is	are	4
leading telecommunications companies in the philippines such as philippine long distance telephone company ( NNP ) , globe NNP , smart communications and sun cellular are available in the city .	2	25	VBP	are	is	23
all the parties , including NNP , are welcome to participate at the NNP .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
a NN full of bodies is visible in the background .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
other drugs among NN NNS include [ [ NN ] ] , [ [ NN ] ] , [ [ NN ] ] , [ [ NN ] ] , [ [ NN ] ] , [ [ NN ] ] and [ [ NN ] ] .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
the difference between the two types presented by NNP NNP is that JJ cultivation will in most cases provide a child with skills and advantages over natural growth children in the classroom and eventually in their careers .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
although the majority of the collection uses NN as in her earlier works , terry used coloured NN in the central piece to bring the collection to life .	2	6	VBZ	uses	use	4
the earliest known reference to walking a red NN in literature is in the play NNP by NNP , written in CD bc .	3	11	VBZ	is	are	8
the example on the right is NNP 's `` professor NNP and the JJ NNP '' , which was later reprinted in the a few book collections , including the NN book NNP NNP 's NNS !	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
one unique benefit of the NNP 's design is that in the event of a challenge to cooling within the core - a pipe break of a channel , the channel can be isolated from the NNS VBG water , VBG the potential for JJ failures .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the slogan of the store is `` fresh bread '' .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the motor in civic hybrid is about a NN ( ) JJR than that of the insight .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
this works because the JJ NN of the disc is JJ , and the JJ NN prevents reflection while the holes in the NN permit it , allowing digital data to be represented .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
cognitive JJ therapy ( cat ) combines cognitive and JJ approaches and has been adapted for use with individuals with NNP with mixed results .	2	6	VBZ	combines	combine	4
the central regions of the JJ NNS on sphere and NN are JJ on the small scale NNS shown here .	2	11	VBP	are	is	9
the third message of the NNP is the NN of women .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the large areas of JJ forests provide food and shelter for a whole host of species , while the many NN areas are regarded as some of the most interesting NN habitats in the county .	2	6	VBP	provide	provides	4
the lake , near the swedish border , is the beginning of the NNP river , a main tributary of the river NNP .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the goal of these studies is often to seek JJ NNS of VBG and apply them in the hopes of understanding relations to consciousness .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the phrase , according to NNP , refers to some NN of brilliant stars , rising 20 degrees at most above the southern horizon in palestine about the year CD b .	1	7	VBZ	refers	refer	6
the incident with the money NNS is in all the NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
examples of JJ NNS are hereditary titles of honor or NN , JJ titles of office , NNS of arms , NNP NNP , rights of way , NNS , NNS , NNS , NNS , NNS , NNS , etc .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
and maybe a newspaper profile of the middle JJ mentions that he plays on the NNP .	4	12	VBZ	plays	play	8
the valley of the river NNP forms its southern border .	1	6	VBZ	forms	form	5
the contemporary perspective of environmental anthropology , and arguably at least the NN , if not the focus of most of the NNS and cultural NNS of today , is political ecology .	2	29	VBZ	is	are	27
my thought on why individual people did fight for the south is that they are as varied as there were people .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
the `` open route '' to the normal tourism is CD m long through six `` halls '' with increasing complexity and diversity of the geological formations , from the small NNS hall to the marvel hall .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
the southern limit of the province is a mountainous area at the limit between the NNP range and the NNP mountains .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the purpose of the japanese school of detroit is to provide japanese children with opportunities to learn the JJ NN of the japanese education in the japanese language while they stay in the u .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
rename NN into VBG that correctly reflects the content .	1	6	VBZ	reflects	reflect	5
a JJ accusation of systematic bias is at best a value judgement .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the behavior of the NNS of NNP national forest is consistent with this pattern .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
another external influence on second life is the JJ nature of second life residents .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
employees engaged in the same general business are fellow servants , though they are in different departments of work .	0	7	VBP	are	is	7
while this page VBZ in notes about how corrupt egypt 's system is , it fails to even have a section on the party 's ideology - something even JJ parties like the communist party of china include .	30	37	VBP	include	includes	7
other poets mentioned further on in the sections on women poets and irish poetry today ( in the 21st century ) deserve a prominence equal to the poets mentioned here .	1	21	VBP	deserve	deserves	20
with the red circles on her NN , RB hair , large NN and thin NN , the JJ NNP appears to be a cross between NNP ann and NNP NNP .	9	20	VBZ	appears	appear	11
the discussion found that the sources , while spare , are sufficient .	5	10	VBP	are	is	5
the 1949 royal commission on the press estimates that a typical NN paper sold `` about 5 , 000 '' a day in the 19th century ; the newspaper designer and historian allen NNP suggests `` an average of no more than around 20 , 000 at best '' .	29	34	VBZ	suggests	suggest	5
many students of history and tourists visit NNP island which is situated approximately northwest of NNP .	1	6	VBP	visit	visits	5
the size of the NNS is different too , as one is small and one is larger .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
with the highest point of four metres above sea level , the threat of severe NNS is extremely JJ , and severe water NNS will further VB the NNS of people in many islands .	12	16	VBZ	is	are	4
while tourism is significant in the region , especially further south in the gulf shores area , the principal business along the eastern shore is retail .	19	24	VBZ	is	are	5
for very low mass stars , molecules in the atmosphere also contribute to the NN .	6	11	VBP	contribute	contributes	5
a second common cause of JJ NNS is when the NN places his finger on the trigger before he has decided to shoot .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
links to another processor unit are over copper cables .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
the NN bush coral ( NNP NNP ) is a u .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
a confrontation of the views usually produces the best results in terms of article quality .	1	6	VBZ	produces	produce	5
enrollment periods to the dictionary and the criteria of acceptance are JJ .	1	10	VBP	are	is	9
the seat of the archbishop is holy family cathedral in NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the key steps in problem solving are problem analysis and solution generation .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
ships of the united states navy fly the VBG NN from the moment of VBG until the VBG ceremony .	0	6	VBP	fly	flies	6
actually , the very fact the content of these sources is JJ tends to make them unreliable per our standards .	6	10	VBZ	is	are	4
other NNS used in crown NNS include NN RB , NN NN , NN NN , NN and NN NN .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
the standard empty weight of the NNP is .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the advantage of the last method is that no changes are made to the compiled program to provide the JJ and there is almost unlimited scope for extensive NNS since the tool can VB the host system NNS with additional software VBG features .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the death toll from the haiti NN outbreak rises to 500 .	2	8	VBZ	rises	rise	6
a component of the high schools program is the high school climate challenge ( NNP ) the NNP and clean air champions ( NNP ) are partners in the high school climate challenge ( NNP ) .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
no problems here , question answers are all good .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
a unique aspect of this line is the JJ anchor NN , which stands on JJ feet of concrete in the artificial lake of santa maria , canton NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
comment , the choice of links is inherently pov .	0	6	VBZ	is	are	6
a third variation of the prince appears in the NN game prince of NNP ( 2008 ) .	2	6	VBZ	appears	appear	4
the NN does contain a very minimal version of some of the c standard library for use by NNS code only ( which bears only a passing resemblance to NNP ) .	19	23	VBZ	bears	bear	4
another term used for NN in the NNP tradition is , the `` JJ '' NN by which a qualified NN `` NNS '' a NN for worship .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
RB NNP states that the tone of the passage towards christians is far too negative to have been authored by a christian NN .	5	11	VBZ	is	are	6
competition for land and resources within cities eventually leads to separation of urban space into zones with the more desirable zones VBG higher rent .	0	8	VBZ	leads	lead	8
NNP created the JJ NN style , for the exclusive use of which for many years he obtained a patent , though the honour of the invention is more probably due to his NN , francesco NNP , than to him .	23	27	VBZ	is	are	4
other disciplines that make up NNS include philosophy and economics .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
NNS from NNP species are mainly in south america , southern and central europe , africa and the middle east .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
the company , electronic theatre controls ( etc ) , now has over CD employees worldwide and NNS over half of the theater lighting equipment in the united states .	1	11	VBZ	has	have	10
comment the books published by three rooms press are available internationally .	2	8	VBP	are	is	6
the two primary purposes of evolution of NNP are the NN and the liberation of NNP .	3	8	VBP	are	is	5
the irish form of the name is NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
another thing that might start looking the same is small crescent planets next to VB stars in images that are almost entirely black .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
indeed , you are right that my opinion on this matter appears to not be the consensus opinion .	7	11	VBZ	appears	appear	4
tools inserted in to the well for both NN and logging efforts , NNS and NNS are very similar devices .	0	16	VBP	are	is	16
NN , where the largest block in a group decides , even if it falls short of a majority .	5	9	VBZ	decides	decide	4
the area of realm of light is 100 000 square kilometers , it is in other words approximately the size of iceland .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
scott fitzgerald 's first novel , this side of paradise , in which the protagonist , NNP NNP , argues for socialism to the father of a college friend , who RB VBZ the JJ ideal .	14	19	VBZ	argues	argue	5
the principle behind this encyclopedia is that anything at all can be discussed RB , and the existence of disputes is not reason for us to abandon it .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the advantage to VBG only to the executed is that those cases have proved JJ and JJ enough for the state to go forward with the sentence of death .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
also , given any two sets x and y and the usual JJ definition of the ordered pair , the ordered pair ( x , y ) exists and is a set .	13	27	VBZ	exists	exist	14
considering that members of the us congress and their NNS do the same thing , i doubt it .	2	10	VBP	do	does	8
the citizens of davidson , NNP attend the NNP schools .	1	6	VBP	attend	attends	5
on a related note , indefinite protection of articles that may RB reach the level where the above is necessary is always JJ .	6	20	VBZ	is	are	14
politically NNP was aligned with NNP regime of the republic of china on taiwan ; indeed the company NN of the NNP is a NN NN , the national flower of the republic of china .	18	22	VBZ	is	are	4
joseph `` joe '' NNP ( born 1965 ) is an american NN whose songs , NN with JJ bassist mike gordon , include the title track from NNP 's round room and train song from billy NNP .	14	23	VBP	include	includes	9
the language of NNP , is close to classical with words and compounds drawn from sanskrit , NNP NNP , arabic and NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
discussion of an article belongs in talk or wikipedia space and not in the article itself .	0	4	VBZ	belongs	belong	4
death to the world is an eastern orthodox NN .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
remember that the result of a long division problem is a NN and a remainder .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
a dedicated bus service , the eden NNP , runs from here to the eden project .	3	9	VBZ	runs	run	6
the JJ population of the NNP nation , as of 2009 , is 6 , 000 people .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
parameters of the line shape are unknown .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
one factor following the rise of popularity in NNP is the popularity of NN `` NNS '' .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the outer scoring section , at the very end of the table , covers approximately from the edge , and is labeled with the number `` 3 '' in the middle ( for `` 3 points '' ) .	3	13	VBZ	covers	cover	10
the suburb of NNP central is the main business centre in this area .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP is required to see if this user , who comes out of nowhere to VB me on an afd , is indeed one of my past NNS .	7	21	VBZ	is	are	14
in addition , the front part of this magazine is available online for free for anyone to view , but a subscription is required to see the rest of the magazine .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
JJ NN is far slower ( is `` VBN '' ) if the spin of the NN state is very different from that of the VBG state , particularly if the NN energy is low .	13	18	VBZ	is	are	5
one recurring feature in NNP 's work is the NN of wooden NNS , often in JJ patterns .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
a love triangle between he , NNP and taylor VBZ in season two when he begins to grow closer to a JJ taylor .	2	9	VBZ	emerges	emerge	7
the suspected location of the artillery 's ammunition NN is too far away to be attacked by the usual NN raid , so NNP VBZ using trucks abandoned by the NNPS to drive there in NN and blow it up .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
two important areas of NN research are ( 1 ) VBG NN of assessment and therapy to JJ assessment and therapy , and ( 2 ) building new data collection systems to VB information that a NN can use in practice .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the record of contributions for that particular ip address shows that somebody at that address VBD the page - that 's not really going to be considered constructive .	1	9	VBZ	shows	show	8
NNP returns home and marie RB leads him to the JJ where she has prepared a NN , feeling she has to hang herself again .	2	6	VBZ	leads	lead	4
the way of VBG such events is JJ , with each stage being separately described .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the age of consent in NNP is 18 .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the album 's title , `` NNP '' is a NN in NNP ( the noun exists , but not the past NN ) .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
the quality of NNP systems the annual NNP competition is currently one of the most relevant sources of NN ground truth .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
while the number of officers in each NN is VBN continually through NNS , new NNS and NN , the infrastructure of each NN remains essentially the same .	20	24	VBZ	remains	remain	4
his JJ approach to cases , his JJ NNS and constant NN of suspects is his NN NN .	2	14	VBZ	is	are	12
NNP 's work , like some of the anime on which it is based , often combines JJ facial features with JJ sexual attributes such as large , JJ NNS .	2	16	VBZ	combines	combine	14
today the land where NNP landing existed is private but protected by the nature NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the real difficulty in this case is that we do not really know why she was awarded the NNP ; it does not simply go with the job .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
we have enough evidence to suggest notability , and all other complaints with the article are reasons to fix it , and not delete it .	11	15	VBP	are	is	4
stems and older leaves are red .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
parts of the new line run along or below the route of the former NNP line .	0	5	VBP	run	runs	5
a lack of notable sources is not a reason for deletion .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the situation for the new way forward , or any other subject matter , is no different .	1	14	VBZ	is	are	13
the villages located in the upper part of the valley ( NNP and NNP ) belong to the NNP and have relationships with the NNP NN , on the other side of the mountain .	1	15	VBP	belong	belongs	14
total size of the terminal is around 72 , 500 square meters , excluding future extensions and NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
as a NN , its NNS of n , NNP , and NNP are JJ .	5	13	VBP	are	is	8
compulsory use of a VBG hall effectively turns employers into a closed shop because employees must join the union before they can be hired .	1	7	VBZ	turns	turn	6
most NNS of JJ culture show that females use their father 's full name as their last names before marriage , and then are known simply by their first names after marriage .	1	8	VBP	use	uses	7
patterns of NN and NN are better observed when measures of relative abundance are also collected .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
its stem below the leaf blade is a JJ JJ , while the green , narrowly JJ blades are cut into NN near the base , which VBP into NNS in the upper part .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
in the areas outside the NNP fence , the number of NNS and NN is lower than in the areas inside , however the numbers changed depending on the habitat .	9	14	VBZ	is	are	5
this tradition of NNP people finds reflection in the story of NNP in NNP where NNP was handed over to NNP .	1	5	VBZ	finds	find	4
the next paragraph in that paper points out that the important NN as far as the discharge of lightning is concerned is the NN between the storm and the JJ channel once this has been struck .	2	6	VBZ	points	point	4
i think the biggest issue with this article is that it does not show notability .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
since 1985 , the area around the lake constitutes a nature reserve at provincial level , and since 1992 , at national level .	4	8	VBZ	constitutes	constitute	4
so for large values of n the limiting point of is the point on the unit circle whose angle from the positive real axis is x NNS .	18	24	VBZ	is	are	6
the list of mario series characters follows this same format and it appears to be doing RB .	1	6	VBZ	follows	follow	5
the advantage of the rail connection is that you will not be caught in traffic .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
detroit NNP ( a taste of detroit ) is NNP village 's fourth album , released on june 29 , 2004 .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
any model which is not pure NN contains some parameters that can be used to fit the model to the system it is intended to describe .	1	7	VBZ	contains	contain	6
the main reason for this JJ departure seems to be that his family wanted to return to the united states , and the NNP also lacked the financial backing needed to VB his massive contract .	2	7	VBZ	seems	seem	5
the fact that it is covered in a whole section of a reliable secondary source is , not to mention their colonial relationship in the CD , CD , and CD .	1	15	VBZ	is	are	14
a common thread of del NNP 's work is the attempt to understand the connection between philosophical ideas and JJ history .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
its only use in the roman NNP NN today is in the mass as revised after the second vatican council .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
depending on the vessel , usual transit time between the north and south islands is between three hours and three hours twenty minutes .	7	14	VBZ	is	are	7
the NNP school of islamic law , the only JJ one for the NNP , stems from him .	2	15	VBZ	stems	stem	13
users providing JJ mail VBN by NN receive no such NN since NN areas and districts are assigned using permanent NNS , and do not therefore assist with VBG items together into RB significant blocks .	0	7	VBP	receive	receives	7
other major figures in the modern synthesis include r .	2	7	VBP	include	includes	5
a NN fence or NN collector is an apparatus for collecting liquid water from NN , using a fine NN or array of parallel NNS .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
NNS , states , and activities have duration , while achievements and NNS do not .	0	6	VBP	have	has	6
the function of the JJ protein is to act as a primary JJ factor that promotes sexual NN .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the life of a NN prisoner in the sacramento county jail is basically hell .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
the australian version of the complete NN includes the second christmas special ( 2007 ) , but , the uk version does n't , it is released as a separate edition .	2	7	VBZ	includes	include	5
noise and security issues connected with the local venues and NNS are also an ongoing concern as the NNP basin continues to be a popular attraction for auckland residents and tourists .	3	11	VBP	are	is	8
my argument at this stage is that criteria have been established for notability , and it it reasonable to VB a test against those criteria at any point , not least after a month and a half on wikipedia .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
fall , like spring , is usually mild and dry , with the hurricane season extending through november and sometimes affecting the area .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
the main purpose for an NN to VB the vehicle and go eva is often to provide a force to push , pull , VB , VB or transport an object .	2	13	VBZ	is	are	11
the only rule regarding piece placement is that no hero or warrior may be VBN from your opponent 's view by a weapon or building ( does not include brick walls ) .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
perhaps the name on the cover has something to do with some of them .	2	6	VBZ	has	have	4
a notable resident of this JJ village is the infamous NNP of NNP , a JJ entity that appears in some of the traditional folk tales passed down through generations by the residents .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
fair use in JJ brooklyn IN this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the difference between full production and full NN is the large residence time required by the NNP process .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
i believe the only effective way to deal with him is a lengthy ( 6 month ) topic ban on NNP NNP articles , with an option for appeal after 3 months if he has demonstrated he has learned how to edit properly and in a JJ manner .	5	10	VBZ	is	are	5
NNP source , the miami herald and the boston globe source , the internet archive version of which goes into great detail regarding mr supreme .	1	18	VBZ	goes	go	17
in CD , the inhabitants of the new england town of NNP are suspicious of the strange JJ up in the grand NNP ' that VBZ the town .	4	12	VBP	are	is	8
the title of this novel is JJ in understanding one of the major themes .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the rule of high king NNP mac NNP begins ( NN ) .	1	8	VBZ	begins	begin	7
a control area ( NNP ) is an aviation term that describes a volume of controlled NN that exists in the vicinity of an airport .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the official spoken standard in the people 's republic of china is NNP .	3	11	VBZ	is	are	8
the associated mechanism varies between individuals , as their head and ear shapes differ .	3	13	VBP	differ	differs	10
third , the reason why one news clip talked about computer NN ink NNS is because they did a JJ policy paper on the issue .	3	14	VBZ	is	are	11
students who attend south east high school are on a traditional schedule .	0	7	VBP	are	is	7
i think that a JJ NN of good faith is in order followed by some tea .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
this eastern junction of the highway and NNP airport road serves idaho residents using JJ regional airport .	2	10	VBZ	serves	serve	8
the wizard 's balloon in the movie has the name omaha on it , reflecting that the wizard originated from omaha , nebraska , just as in the book .	3	7	VBZ	has	have	4
the primary purpose of career day is to introduce students to the many vocational opportunities available in the world today .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
one extreme form of selection by NN in the 1980s was simple hereditary transmission , and this principle , which operated on a de facto basis in rural work units , seems to have been fairly widely used in china 's industrial sector .	17	31	VBZ	seems	seem	14
JJ NNS in the role as an NNP educator additionally help VB and treat NN and other JJ illness .	1	10	VBP	help	helps	9
the request for peer review is JJ , given the current state of the article , with NN NNS etc .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
some cells that VBP NNP also have receptors for NNP .	1	6	VBP	have	has	5
the fact that the jesus in the JJ time period is a NN represents the way in which technology can exercise its power over humanity by offering salvation in a false jesus figure .	1	13	VBZ	represents	represent	12
NNS of NNP 's NN years of NNP 's reign are more specifically identified by more than one era name or NN .	0	10	VBP	are	is	10
if the aspect ratio is not VBN , the NN with the largest area that fits within a NN is the one that has two opposite edges of the NN as two of its sides , and two face NNS as the other two sides .	9	19	VBZ	is	are	10
an JJ moving average ( NNP ) , also known as an RB VBN moving average ( NNP ) , is a type of infinite JJ response filter that applies VBG factors which decrease RB .	3	20	VBZ	is	are	17
fair use in land without NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the tallest bridge in the county is the first bridge of the NNP NNP , which is tall .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the requirements of featured NNS differ between languages , and NNS will still need to go through the procedure in order to gain featured status here .	1	5	VBP	differ	differs	4
subsequent attempts at VBG the success seen by weapon x with NNP include native , NNP and NNP ( the 23rd attempt to VB NNP who was designed to also hunt down NN agents ) .	1	12	VBP	include	includes	11
the white matter , located in each hemisphere between the JJ NN and NN , as a whole has a JJ shape .	2	18	VBZ	has	have	16
the travel team , the terminal city NNP , represents terminal city within the NNP , and is ranked by the association .	2	9	VBZ	represents	represent	7
another type of clothing worn throughout the united states by many types of people is the NNP .	1	14	VBZ	is	are	13
the palace grounds , 4 square kilometers surrounded by a NN and palace guards , also contain the NNP school , initially established for the children of the royal family .	2	16	VBP	contain	contains	14
a conductor such as a metal has high NN and a low NN .	1	6	VBZ	has	have	5
NNS , NN NNS , NNS , and NNS , have a history of JJ use spanning NN .	3	10	VBP	have	has	7
the composition of the building really puts me off this one .	1	6	VBZ	puts	put	5
as a member of the JJ NN , a feature that only NNP NNP and NNP NNP ( NNP NNP ) also have , NNP is an JJ figure .	9	25	VBZ	is	are	16
the most popular sport in the city is association football .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the rest of the article makes the situation clear .	1	5	VBZ	makes	make	4
its sister peak of kings hill , across route 300 , is also over high .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
the world of the NNP has much violence VBN on by different technologies , nature , and dark magic .	1	5	VBZ	has	have	4
the content he wishes to add is clearly questionable ( VBG on vandalism ) , and uses a source that is not credible .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the whole point of my nomination is that it can not imo .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
buttons in microsoft windows are usually rectangular , with RB rounded corners in windows NNP , vista , and 7 .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
this effect on both persons and game animals is likely to be VBG over the length of the entire shooting event .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
on the other hand , since the 19th century , large areas of JJ africa have been converted to christianity , and this area of the world has the highest population growth rate .	23	27	VBZ	has	have	4
another example , the life sciences interface doctoral training centre or NNP NNP is an JJ programme at the university of oxford , directed by professor david NNP .	1	13	VBZ	is	are	12
an olive tree in NNP , portugal , is 2000 years old , according to NN dating .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
NNP walls of text i have VBN over , almost all agree that the subject is not notable and that the content fails nearly every policy in the book , as explained by NNP .	1	11	VBP	agree	agrees	10
near the top of the front ( western face ) of the memorial is a smooth bar of granite , on which the words `` rough riders ' '' is carved in NN .	8	13	VBZ	is	are	5
the manager , NNP NNP , also VBZ a patent for his theatre in hull .	1	7	VBZ	obtains	obtain	6
that is because the primary standard for inclusion in wikipedia is , under the verifiability policy , verifiability , not truth .	5	10	VBZ	is	are	5
the solution of these equations in principle defines a JJ and JJ field of the relevant variables such as temperature or species .	1	7	VBZ	defines	define	6
the area surrounding the rock is popular for VBG , NN , and NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
an example of the modern approach is the work of the professor of psychology , david NNP , who has written about the subject from a number of points of view .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the group and its successor promotes various cultural programs , local and foreign arts and artists through a charitable foundation NNP NNP .	1	5	VBZ	promotes	promote	4
the story of a song of ice and fire takes place on the fictional NNS NNP and NNP , with a history of thousands of years .	1	9	VBZ	takes	take	8
examples of his contributions include the NNP dragon variation in the NNP defence , the NNP defence , the NNP variation of the JJ defence ( 1 .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
the image , along with the content of the web site , is copyright 2007 , NNP , inc .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
the main advantage of this NN process is the possibility of realizing JJ NNS in which the electronic and the mechanical components ( functions ) are built in on the same NN .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
other opportunities that have been implied while companies use theory y and z include , an improvement of people skills , VBG their employees , VBG change , helping employees balance work with life conflicts , and improving ethical behavior .	1	13	VBP	include	includes	12
programs offered in the park include tennis , arts , softball , swimming , and an annual summer park program .	0	5	VBP	include	includes	5
the songs `` iii '' and `` northern praise '' are also black metal influenced and present more JJ lyrics , the VBN is VBN in finnish and refers to the trinity of god .	1	10	VBP	are	is	9
the application of service autonomy involves two types of autonomy that allow an increase the overall autonomy of the service , design time autonomy and run time autonomy .	1	5	VBZ	involves	involve	4
the estimated time to build this model is CD hours .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the fate of NNP and their two sons after this moment is unknown .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
a golf match between NNP and english leads to multiple attempts on english 's life .	2	7	VBZ	leads	lead	5
non-notable fringe scholar who claims that NNP jews are NNP ( turkish ) VBZ to judaism .	2	13	VBZ	converts	convert	11
all water going traffic that travels through the NNS has to negotiate either the narrow sound that VBZ JJ NNP from NNP NNP and NNP NNP or pass south of the islands , via the wood farm NN .	1	9	VBZ	has	have	8
nonetheless , NNP constantly VBZ everyone that the JJ terms of his NN remain JJ .	9	13	VBP	remain	remains	4
telephone services provided by cable tv companies also use digital switching technology .	1	8	VBP	use	uses	7
the distinctive feature of an NN is NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
a few features of the medieval castle remain .	2	7	VBP	remain	remains	5
in practice NN NNS are not infinite in the direction parallel to the interface , but if the typical size of the NNS is much much larger than the depth of the layer , the NN NN model will be an excellent NN .	19	23	VBZ	is	are	4
variety and combination of colours is most JJ .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
JJ funds for stem research or education have a plan to provide training on the responsible conduct of research to NNS , graduate students , and JJ researchers ( sec .	1	7	VBP	have	has	6
phrases such as these VBN by tony include `` on your six '' or `` got your six '' .	0	7	VBP	include	includes	7
the speed and intensity of the display increases as the perceived threat increases ( for instance when the possible escape routes for the shark are restricted ) and may be VBN with quick NN attacks followed by a rapid retreat .	1	7	VBZ	increases	increase	6
every page i have read that you have marked for notability fits the guidelines .	1	11	VBZ	fits	fit	10
anonymous photos first published between 1923 and the end of february 1989 are sometimes in the public domain ( requires more information about the publication ) .	1	12	VBP	are	is	11
architects , engineers , and NNS use these equations to create `` VBN '' IN that are used in curved walls , VBD NNS , bridges , and numerous other applications .	0	6	VBP	use	uses	6
music and equivalent pages in the way that a7 is for JJ articles that fails to even claim that the subject of the article is notable .	20	24	VBZ	is	are	4
three coins of the so-called NNP NN type have no edge NN .	1	8	VBP	have	has	7
NNP also entered into a JJ call and put option agreement with NNP which would allow them to purchase the assets of NNP , although that portion of the deal is JJ on the fcc allowing a foreign broadcaster to own an american station , which is currently VBN .	26	30	VBZ	is	are	4
a modern scottish gaelic spelling of the name is NNP NNP mac NNP .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
records in the NNP court refer to proceedings between CD and CD where roger NNP , a london mason , was VBG for payment following the rebuilding of church tower and nave .	0	5	VBP	refer	refers	5
the fruit from each NN is a JJ NN up to a NN long , not considering the large NN of up to 50 PRP$ white NNS which may be an additional NN in length .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
normally a wartime report of x tons of ammunition means measurement tons which were 40 JJ feet .	3	9	VBZ	means	mean	6
despite being a small country in southeast asia , the foods from each region in vietnam carry their distinctive and unique characteristic that VBZ the geographical and living condition of the people there .	10	16	VBP	carry	carries	6
often , collaborative teams from various disciplines ( NNS and other scientists ) work together toward the introduction of new NNS and methods for patient care .	3	13	VBP	work	works	10
the domain name or JJ JJ ip address gives the destination location for the url .	2	8	VBZ	gives	give	6
a person that is considered a celebrity depends on the cultural context and the period in history .	1	7	VBZ	depends	depend	6
for example , arbcom should set clear examples of how to deal with disruptive users , but sanctions imposed by arbcom are JJ without the support of the community ( and the accompanying NN of the community to enforce those sanctions ) .	17	21	VBP	are	is	4
the two links in the notes are for NNS , not seasons ; these have real value .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
to address the point you raise about the home invasion cite , in that instance the content being VBN by the citation is generally JJ .	16	22	VBZ	is	are	6
one type of synthesis of NN NN NN is through JJ phase NN , which uses the NNS of NNP ( NNP ) and NNP ( NN NN ) .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
mike article , so this is perfect for a merge .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
in july 2007 , according to the minnesota NNP tribe , the total number of enrolled members of the white earth reservation is 19 , CD .	13	22	VBZ	is	are	9
the architectural historian , howard NNP 's assessment of stone 's architecture is that he `` partly absorbed the new NN of NNP jones , but without accepting its full discipline and without VBG some of the NN or baroque features that he had learned in london and amsterdam .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
since the NN of the european union earlier this year , free movement of eu citizens includes NNP .	12	16	VBZ	includes	include	4
however , sometimes it VBZ away , questions about new additions come up , or changes are made .	7	11	VBP	come	comes	4
in the united states , eye contact , a NN of the head toward each other , and a NN , with no NN ; the palm of the hand faces NNS , neither RB nor RB , in a business NN .	6	30	VBZ	faces	face	24
the central part of the tunnel is odd in that it is not fully covered .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
cases against editors ted NNP , numerous editors on ted kennedy , NNP , and NNP , numerous editors on political research associates , NNP ( user page ) , NNP ( user page ) , and NNP are in the voting phase .	7	38	VBP	are	is	31
hybrid NNS , together with bow NNS and later delta NNS are all NNS of a NNP ( supported leading edge ) , defined by having a NN which supports the leading edge .	1	11	VBP	are	is	10
the current advisor for this club is mr .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the title like water for chocolate comes from the 1989 laura NNP novel like water for chocolate , which was adapted into a movie in 1992 .	1	6	VBZ	comes	come	5
the JJ professional basketball league in the world is the philippine basketball association , from the archipelago of the philippines .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
the aim of this project is to VB and improve articles related to indian roads mainly national highways , state highways , NNP , NNP corridor road and also improve the articles about institutions of road development like NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
two more boeing NNP NNP bombers of strategic air command suffer crashes this date .	5	10	VBP	suffer	suffers	5
the coat of arms of NNP resembles the estonian arms , but the NNS in the former arms are crowned with golden NNS similar to the ones in the danish arms .	1	6	VBZ	resembles	resemble	5
one can drive right up to this temple , though the road at many places is quite bad and narrow .	11	15	VBZ	is	are	4
my additional concern about this term is that of the 7 google hits on this spelling , none appear to easily VB to `` philadelphia usage '' .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
many traditional ceremonies governing the lives of NNP use NN and NN .	2	8	VBP	use	uses	6
however , the JJ right of NNP NNP 's achievement consists in his performances of NNP nova 's works .	4	10	VBZ	consists	consist	6
a few small rough log NNS , occupied in the winter season by the NN makers , comprise all the improvements on it .	5	17	VBP	comprise	comprises	12
NNS VBP by VBG at a precise location in the dna , where the expression of the NN produces a break in the JJ JJ or JJ NN .	14	18	VBZ	produces	produce	4
in the hydraulic NN , current flowing through a wire ( or NN ) is like water flowing through a pipe , and the voltage drop across the wire is like the pressure drop which VBZ water through the pipe .	25	29	VBZ	is	are	4
the other designs VBN on the helmet are clearly within the NNP sphere .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
his tour of italy , which included visits to NNP and sicily and which he documented in his autobiography , is the most extensive known to have been undertaken by an NNP in the 16th century .	1	20	VBZ	is	are	19
to most familiar with the images of the conflict , the assumption is the two figures firing in the upper images are israel soldiers and the figures emerging from the cinema below are NNPS in fear of being shot .	15	21	VBP	are	is	6
estimates based on surviving inscriptions alone range from 200 , 000 to 250 , 000 NNS .	0	6	VBP	range	ranges	6
the current record , held by andy NNP , set in october 1990 , is less than two minutes under this time .	2	14	VBZ	is	are	12
the concept of the kelly criterion is you can VB the JJ number of tickets to buy based on the size of your current NN and the winning probability and NN .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
death of emperor NNP , silver content of the roman NN falls to 75 percent .	0	11	VBZ	falls	fall	11
the earth has probably always had some form of JJ NN , but the age of the oldest JJ NN today is only about 200 million years .	14	21	VBZ	is	are	7
the last line of a NNP NN is an NN .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the NNP development strategy of JJ integration is a key message here .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
according to 2006 census bureau estimates , the population of the city is 3 , CD .	8	12	VBZ	is	are	4
for what it 's worth , though i did n't say so in the community ban proposal , i think NNP 's proposal in conjunction with beta 's proposal is entirely acceptable as far as i am concerned .	22	29	VBZ	is	are	7
strong preferences for specific recreation settings lead to competition for recreation resources among different user types .	1	6	VBP	lead	leads	5
very little else is known about NNP other than the fact that she wears large NNS , something that head of it at the hospital NNP jones finds attractive .	19	27	VBZ	finds	find	8
the final set of three scenes ( the third beat ) connects themes , characters , situations , and games from the whole piece .	2	11	VBZ	connects	connect	9
threats to this endangered species include habitat loss as its range is consumed for development and oil exploration .	0	5	VBP	include	includes	5
the top 10 students from the region represent the region at the state math field day .	3	7	VBP	represent	represents	4
one criticism of JJ play is that it VBZ deep knowledge over shallow knowledge .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the original NNP games and the NNP NNS have this removed while the NNP and NNP games dragon quest ix and NNP VBP include this .	3	8	VBP	have	has	5
of course , your way of VBG it is more precise .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
because the hills , mountains , and large bodies of water produce such vast geographic diversity within this region , the san francisco bay area offers a significant variety of NNS .	2	11	VBP	produce	produces	9
the east end of the church is norman and the nave is late 14th century .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
however , the name and logo of `` JJ '' appears on several set pieces and NNS such as computer NNS and beer NNS .	3	10	VBZ	appears	appear	7
american show and VBG JJ bias is valuable .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
i trust the current business in iran , and frequent cases in china , provide JJ reason why .	10	14	VBP	provide	provides	4
the use of the NN in this part of australia continues as an JJ tradition since time NN .	1	10	VBZ	continues	continue	9
this JJ account of the achievements of NNP , though not free from confusion , contains some valuable information .	2	15	VBZ	contains	contain	13
NNP railway station , approximately north of NNP railway station serves the estates of NNP , NNP and NNP and is on the NNP branch line .	2	10	VBZ	serves	serve	8
various criticisms of aspects of NNP 's theology and ministry practices exist .	1	11	VBP	exist	exists	10
the blues , however , fall one converted try short of securing a home NN , which instead goes to VB .	1	5	VBP	fall	falls	4
the main colours of the station are pale green and NN .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
although the mass of each successive particle follows certain patterns , NNS of the rest mass of most particles can not be made precisely , except for the masses of almost all NNS which have been recently described very well by the model of de NNP .	2	7	VBZ	follows	follow	5
one such restaurant of global NN is al NNP exclusively in western saudi arabia .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
if the article claims , directly or by VBG any qualifications , that a version of the prayer is in widespread use , it must cite sources to prove widespread use .	14	18	VBZ	is	are	4
the home seat of the district is kingston , where NNP grew up and lives , where the district office is located , and where a NN of voters in her district reside .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP is mainly a high income NN area , generally considered safe labor areas ; however , the electoral district of lee also encompasses west lakes and several more JJ ' suburbs , which has seen the liberal party poll strongly in the past .	19	23	VBZ	encompasses	encompass	4
also , the lack of inline citations makes it JJ to ensure verifiability .	3	7	VBZ	makes	make	4
measurements and time limits discussed in this section often vary among tournaments and organizations ; international and nba rules are used in this section .	0	9	VBP	vary	varies	9
the JJ and JJ scales , each containing only steps of uniform size , have only a single mode each , as any rotation of the sequence results in the same sequence .	4	14	VBP	have	has	10
NNP lawyer tactics , but the truth is dozens of other editors here on wikipedia seem to have severe problems with you to the point of leaving wikipedia altogether because of your NN and harassment .	2	15	VBP	seem	seems	13
her darker side , seen in the manga and the NNP series , is not present in the anime series ( though a scene in episode 6 NNS at it ) .	2	13	VBZ	is	are	11
so , your mention of the expression not being covered in multiple reliable sources is still something i agree upon .	3	14	VBZ	is	are	11
NNP , phd , author of energy psychology and energy NNP for trauma '' the NNP solution is a NN of VBG NNS , powerful examples from NNP 's clinical practice , and numerous effective and healing exercises that bring the material alive .	4	17	VBZ	is	are	13
the penalty for an JJ receiver who is VBN prior to a forward pass being thrown is 15 yards and a loss of down .	1	16	VBZ	is	are	15
however , the history of this square dates back to CD , the year in which philip ii ordered a building to house the royal NNS .	3	7	VBZ	dates	date	4
the major tributary of the NNP , the NNP river , also mainly flows within the district .	2	13	VBZ	flows	flow	11
the information in the article is correct .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the objectives of the society are to promote the advancement and NN of the knowledge of JJ sciences and aircraft engineering and the elevation of the JJ profession .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
attitudes about homosexuality within NNP often reflect the values and sexual NNS of broader chinese society ( see homosexuality in china ) .	0	6	VBP	reflect	reflects	6
the length of time the union lasted is contentious , with one source saying it lasted one month , while another says it lasted only a single day and a third indicating it lasted a few days .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
a NNP company , NNP inc , plans to asks permission from united states federal NNS to test a device that would enable JJ people to control computers directly with their NNS or possibly help them move their NNS .	2	7	VBZ	plans	plan	5
this also sometimes happens where viewers are advised to be aware that the price quoted in big print is subject to the various qualifications in small print .	13	18	VBZ	is	are	5
NNP 's stance , however , is in keeping with that of most other schools which won the NNP title ; only notre dame , which won the NNP crown in 1938 , does not claim a major national title for that year .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the JJ body or JJ body or JJ NN is a small organ found in the neck region of many animals .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
first prototype , of three , NNP NNP , NNP , experimental NN , JJ NN NN , first delivered to the royal aircraft establishment on 16 may 1928 , breaks up in the air near NNP this date , the pilot VBG out successfully .	1	30	VBZ	breaks	break	29
that format of template for non JJ problems is not acceptable .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the constitution of germany , the NNP , which came into effect in 1949 , puts a particular emphasis on human rights .	1	15	VBZ	puts	put	14
the reason i believe this to be true , is that many tax protesters do RB risk conviction and NN to battle against what they would VB as a NN of justice , NNP .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
guest musicians on the album include dawn mitchell on `` voices ( echo ) '' performing lead vocals .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
the study of slavery in ancient greece remains a complex subject , in part because of the many different levels of NN , from traditional NN slave through various forms of NN , such as NNP , NNP , and several other classes of JJ .	1	7	VBZ	remains	remain	6
a special railway line operated by NNP oil NNP runs through the zone from north to south , making it easy for enterprises in the zone to build lines of their own if necessary .	3	9	VBZ	runs	run	6
the JJS kind of JJ network is a NN NN network , which consists of a single layer of output nodes ; the NNS are fed directly to the NNS via a series of NNS .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
and , unknown to michael and the NNP , the head of the organization is michael 's own older brother .	10	14	VBZ	is	are	4
not a single reference , let alone inline , exists on the page .	3	9	VBZ	exists	exist	6
methods that fall in this category include the NN NNP NN , major contributors in this field today include stephen b .	0	6	VBP	include	includes	6
women in developing countries are especially vulnerable to being VBN and VBN into the sex trade .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
the professors involved in the project form a steering committee , which follows students during their team activities and as NNS of experimental NNS .	1	6	VBP	form	forms	5
the example of this kind of study is the study on NNP NN .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the small dome VBG on the church tower has an image of the NNP michael that is often mistaken as a portrait of NNP .	2	8	VBZ	has	have	6
the present NNP local residential area VBN around NNP north station has a population of about CD , with a shop or two , and a pub called the NNP arms .	5	11	VBZ	has	have	6
in this park 12 NNS of notable NNS are to be seen which are made by different iranian artists .	4	8	VBP	are	is	4
however the reliability of NNP - and thus those NNS who quoted him - is highly suspect , especially when he wrote about egypt ( his work on greek society is apparently much more reliable ) .	26	30	VBZ	is	are	4
basic layout for a completed structure 's JJ guideline provides a layout for a basic NN .	1	9	VBZ	provides	provide	8
the level of liquid then acts as a measure of both pressure and volume flow .	1	5	VBZ	acts	act	4
the strip , like many others in the comic , often derives its NN from JJ events .	1	11	VBZ	derives	derive	10
her former husband , also obama 's inaugural NNP , is a former teammate of michelle obama 's brother craig robinson on the princeton university basketball team .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
the name of the town comes from the island NNP , since that was the original NN .	1	5	VBZ	comes	come	4
the 1 , JJ canal , designed mainly for irrigation , is JJ for CD kilometers from its JJ terminus .	4	11	VBZ	is	are	7
although some characters have learned to VB this and speak RB , the use of word NNS forms several important plot points .	13	17	VBZ	forms	form	4
the israeli settlement of NNP NNP is in the area .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the requirements for the course are b .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the points i raised in the rfc are perfectly valid , because NNP and ab were driving this rfc , essentially .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
particular details on how this is implemented are a separate issue - by NN , by NNS , by column , by something else .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
where errors can be a problem , is if lots of other reliable sources report on the NN of a source .	9	14	VBP	report	reports	5
in a further move away from their charter NNPS have stated according to NNP NNP and al NNP `` the question of VBG israel is not the jurisdiction of one faction , nor the government , but a decision for the palestinian people .	20	24	VBZ	is	are	4
various sports and leisure activities are available ( tennis , NN , VBG , a climbing wall , JJ boats , freshwater and trout fishing , an JJ NN and an animal park .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
so the solution to this problem is NNP model that can estimate real-time power consumption for individual NNP VBZ such as cpu , NNP , NNP , audio , NNP and cell phone communication components .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
if such a consensus has been formed , yet a minority of multiple editors are making edits against the consensus , or a single editor using a dynamic ip address continues to make such edits , displaying a public message may be necessary .	24	30	VBZ	continues	continue	6
a certain kind of inlet created by NN is a NN , typically but not always in mountainous NNS and also in NN lakes .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the book of NNP also includes an early discussion of the treatment of skin diseases .	1	5	VBZ	includes	include	4
the two layers of the NN have different properties .	2	6	VBP	have	has	4
NNS such as NNP NNP argue that legal aid is essential in providing individuals with access to justice , by allowing the individual legal enforcement of economic , social and cultural rights .	0	5	VBP	argue	argues	5
the common NNS for the city , which are primarily used in railway services and on road signs , are frankfurt ( main ) , frankfurt ( m ) , frankfurt a .	2	19	VBP	are	is	17
the gods in this temple are NNP NNP ( NNP ) and his consort NNP NNP ( NNP ) .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
basically the text of the decision of the court itself is in the public domain , but anything , and i mean anything , added by a commercial publisher is copyrighted .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
so the magnetic force required to VB the beam is greater than would be expected .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
other actors in the film include time winters and samuel child .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
part of the NN of areas is the NN .	0	6	VBZ	is	are	6
low NN force ( NNP ) is a technology used in integrated circuit NNS that are designed so the force required to insert or remove a package is low .	19	27	VBZ	is	are	8
the name POS ' probably comes from the animal 's odd look .	1	5	VBZ	comes	come	4
there is even disagreement about the term `` NN '' itself ; experts such as david NNP and NNP NNP choose to VB JJ songs from the definition but include JJ piano and JJ piano ( a modern perspective ) , while edward a .	12	20	VBP	choose	chooses	8
NNP NNP has VBN that the characters in the young ones form the basis of a classic nuclear family , comprising neil as the mother figure , mike as the father figure and NNP and rick as the children .	6	11	VBP	form	forms	5
that is to say , the 3 definitions in the lead are there for good cause , and considerable debate has taken place over the years to arrive there .	7	11	VBP	are	is	4
the phi life NNP version of `` NNP NNP '' appears on the b-side album NNP , and in concert the song has been performed by phi life NNP as well as NNP NNP , NNP NNP , NNP , and NNP .	4	10	VBZ	appears	appear	6
the institutions written in bold have been destinations for at least one student of the class of 2012 ; the numbers written in the NNS VBP the number of NNP graduates ( class of 2009 through class of 2012 ) VBN at a given school .	20	25	VBP	depict	depicts	5
december - a jury at NNP crown court finds NNP campbell guilty on all seven counts of attempted murder relating to the NNP NN JJ attack five months previously .	3	8	VBZ	finds	find	5
the president of the commission , since december 2009 , is the former secretary general mr NNP NNP , professor at the university of oslo , is elected 1st vice-president .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
the NNP edition of 1934 , which followed a JJ edition of the same year , quotes two other famous literary NNS .	2	16	VBZ	quotes	quote	14
part of the education department , the project aims to develop the literacy of youth through the performing and visual arts .	0	8	VBZ	aims	aim	8
the two reservation tribes , the NNP and NNP , are not part of the federal recognition bill .	3	10	VBP	are	is	7
the basic mechanism of the NNP NN involves NN of the free NN group , JJ JJ attack on the JJ NN carbon , and NN of the newly freed NN .	2	7	VBZ	involves	involve	5
the NNP NNP code , CD , serves most of bedford township outside of the NNP area .	3	7	VBZ	serves	serve	4
other techniques used to expand his band 's sound repertoire require forms of instrumental NN , for example , on the tool song , `` NNP '' , jones uses a talk box .	1	10	VBP	require	requires	9
the changes he is making are strongly contested on the talk page and the image he is trying to insert is the same as one that has been deleted by admins on several NNS as a copyright violation .	14	20	VBZ	is	are	6
several influential texts on women 's medicine , dealing with NNS and NN , among other topics , are also often attributed to NNP .	2	18	VBP	are	is	16
in fact , interviews with top executives at one firm reveal that the improvement of manufacturing processed is very much a consideration in their investments .	13	17	VBZ	is	are	4
people using NN without previously having NN do so because standard products containing NN or other VBG agents are not effective for their skin and due to price and active JJ strength .	11	18	VBP	are	is	7
RB NNS on the horses indicate the NN was originally track driven , but the track mechanism was replaced at some point with a 1935 mechanism built by NNP engineering , when the entire NN was VBN to the jumping format present today .	1	5	VBP	indicate	indicates	4
articles for more recent season contain additional information .	0	5	VBP	contain	contains	5
the claim the great wall of china is visible from outer space has been VBN many times , but is still VBN in popular culture .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the spirit , in that we do not trust NN sources to be reliable reporters of such incidents ; and trust only what reliable sources have determined is worth reporting .	20	27	VBZ	is	are	7
as author , NN or editor of more than 30 books , NNP writes regularly for the NNP NNP edited by NNP NNP ( NNP , 2007 ) .	1	13	VBZ	writes	write	12
the centre of the district is the city of NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the most common suggestion for year of death is CD ( see for instance the NNP NNP and the american artists NNP [ 1 ] ) whereas microsoft NNP suggests CD .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
the 1903 new jersey hurricane , also known as the NNP hurricane by the press of atlantic city , is the most recent north atlantic hurricane to make first NN in the state of new jersey .	4	19	VBZ	is	are	15
a past version of NNP from spider-man 's college days appears as a member of the NNP six and battles the reality VBG NNP spider-man .	2	10	VBZ	appears	appear	8
the change over from sport to sport takes place in a designated transition area .	1	7	VBZ	takes	take	6
meanwhile , dancer ( NNP ) falls in love with NNP .	2	6	VBZ	falls	fall	4
the worldwide NNP corporation , with a NN of one billion NNP , consists of two companies in germany and one each in the netherlands , austria , france , switzerland , spain , romania , bulgaria , slovenia , united kingdom and the u .	3	13	VBZ	consists	consist	10
an adaptation of a local NNP game , each tribe takes turns playing a game where one team is required to hit balls into the field the opposing team is in .	1	10	VBZ	takes	take	9
the turning point of the movie is here .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the cities of NNP heights , NNP heights , castle hills , hill country village , hollywood park , NNP , leon valley , NNP park , NNP park , and NNP hills are all NNS of san antonio .	1	33	VBP	are	is	32
ad i am VBG my vessel which has suffered a nuclear accident and is a possible source of radiation danger .	0	13	VBZ	is	are	13
the care of the sites falls under the NN of the ministry of culture 's department of archaeology .	1	5	VBZ	falls	fall	4
the christmas island red NN , NNP NN , is a species of land NN that is endemic to christmas island and the NNP ( VBG ) islands in the indian ocean .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
natural sources of this JJ acid are the seed NNS of NN , NN , corn NN and NN , and the NN NNP .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
the prospect of becoming a mother leads NNP to track down her real parents .	1	6	VBZ	leads	lead	5
so far the only people that have ever been able to VB monarch are the NNP chris kent ( who died after performing such a massive attack ) and NNP .	4	13	VBP	are	is	9
another thing to consider as well is that , per my original !	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
JJ women and children , including NNS , from rural areas are the most vulnerable to trafficking .	1	11	VBP	are	is	10
the first staff lawyer for the electronic frontier foundation , NNP sees his role as laying the foundations for `` RB democratic NN media '' .	3	11	VBZ	sees	see	8
neil armstrong works at the NNP in one of the few photos take of him on the moon .	2	12	VBP	take	takes	10
the role the ussr played in the june 1967 war , between the state of israel and the surrounding arab countries , remains RB debated .	1	22	VBZ	remains	remain	21
his NNS with south american NNS and jazz NNS influence his earliest compositions .	1	9	VBP	influence	influences	8
saying what actually happened is more useful for the reader , and the name of the operation is a secondary concern relative to what it actually accomplished .	13	17	VBZ	is	are	4
therefore , the general definition of an ethnic NN is a RB defined space with characteristic cultural identity and economic activity .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
helicopters and other fast moving land and airborne objects are available .	0	9	VBP	are	is	9
part of the way hosts can be involved in the NNP is to welcome experienced editors who visit the NN but are n't hosts .	0	11	VBZ	is	are	11
events for horses , cattle , NNS , NNS and birds are huge and attract many visitors .	0	11	VBP	are	is	11
the mark left by the NN hitting the floor is still visible .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the alternative name `` NNP '' simply means people who were there before the current population .	2	7	VBZ	means	mean	5
this section of the stream VBZ NNP on its left bank from NNP and NNP on its right .	1	5	VBZ	separates	separate	4
the american theatrical cut , the NNP , now enjoys modest success on home video and dvd as a cult favorite .	3	9	VBZ	enjoys	enjoy	6
the main local organization that promotes and supports the `` status and interests '' of australia 's female christmas NNP is the christmas island women 's association , a group that was established in 1989 .	3	20	VBZ	is	are	17
the northern most mound in the triangle , mound c , is also a dome shaped mound and measures in height , with the base being by .	3	11	VBZ	is	are	8
people who care about their subject , but not about JJ trivia , are JJ to be somewhat VBN from contributing .	0	13	VBP	are	is	13
most articles , including lists , start out as stubs or rough NNS .	1	6	VBP	start	starts	5
mature trees on the front lawn provide NN .	1	6	VBP	provide	provides	5
a distinctive feature of the NNP is the use of a JJ engine , at a time almost all JJ NNS used JJ engines .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP 's output into their web pages , and the service is also available on NNP .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
usually a professional trainer ( or sometimes an experienced employee ) serves as the course instructor using JJ training often supported by formal classroom training .	3	11	VBZ	serves	serve	8
the distinction between NNP and NNP NNS is not only theoretical ; a massive NNP NN would have JJ magnetic and electric NN moments , which could be observed RB , whereas a NNP NN would not .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
by the way , the link to `` nazi '' still remains in NNP 's statement as of the current revision .	5	11	VBZ	remains	remain	6
cut flowers , notably NNS , are a relatively new agricultural product .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
the change in istanbul 's living standards is a direct reflection of the nation 's statistics as the 27 .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the member of parliament for NNP is NNP NNP , who won her seat in 2005 .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
this JJ competition ( JJ years ) is open to all american poets , and the winning manuscript is published by the university of NNP press .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
NNP could give a good guess as to which region of europe another european is from .	9	14	VBZ	is	are	5
a rather JJ example of a programme that both VBZ the theme ( NN ) and the NN in one image .	3	9	VBZ	captures	capture	6
the issue at hand , it seems , is really about wording .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the only people i refuse to work with are banned sockpuppets , an attitude we all need to take , indeed it is the failure of other users to adopt this approach that is a big part of the problem .	13	22	VBZ	is	are	9
another event run by the club in the winter months is the NNP cup .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
it is tall at its highest point and the main portion of the dam is long .	10	14	VBZ	is	are	4
some ideas underlying the small NN theory go back to the work of max NNP in CD .	1	7	VBP	go	goes	6
assuming that your description of the behavior and appearance of the bird is correct ( especially no wing bars and tail NN ) , it must be an eastern NNP .	3	12	VBZ	is	are	9
action films with JJ NNS include the 1982 film 48 hours starring eddie murphy and nick NNP and the 1987 film NNP weapon starring mel gibson and danny NNP .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
the video , in which NNP struggles to prevent the police from VBG him , shows an officer repeatedly VBG him in the face while trying to force his hands together .	1	15	VBZ	shows	show	14
the statues on the NNS are usually in pairs , each god with his consort ( NNP , NNP , NNP ) .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the sum of the areas of two adjacent regions is equal to the area of both regions combined .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
notice that part of the earth is in the JJ region .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
on a side note , i have to add that the first flag on the right is also a historical american flag .	12	16	VBZ	is	are	4
the oldest surviving byzantine church in istanbul with its original form is the NNP ( NN ) monastery , which was built in CD .	4	11	VBZ	is	are	7
at CD feet , NNP 's NN from atlanta 's NNP NNP plaza hotel in NNP 's machine still holds up as the highest NN ( no NNS ) VBP to ever be performed from a building for a JJ film .	6	19	VBZ	holds	hold	13
early history of the area VBZ the NNP people finding shelter and game in the JJ forests .	1	5	VBZ	recalls	recall	4
meanwhile , the above diffs to that article are JJ except to admins .	4	8	VBP	are	is	4
two parallel walls , the so-called NN walls run down from the palace to the river NNP across the steep NN .	2	8	VBP	run	runs	6
the concept of state terrorism is JJ .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
in addition , the hired entertainment for the party is the singer NNP , who is a recent former lover of JJ ahmad .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
as the commodore 64 's graphics chip VBZ the screen to the left or right , the character NNS representing the stars change shape by VBG their single lit NNS to the right or left , VBG the NN of the screen and giving the impression they were JJ .	18	22	VBP	change	changes	4
tours of the power generation plant and other dam facilities are available for a fee .	0	10	VBP	are	is	10
the NNP brewery on the edge of the town produces a popular range of NNS , sold throughout northern italy .	2	9	VBZ	produces	produce	7
the fly line ( today , almost always VBN with plastic ) is heavy enough to send the fly to the target .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
when NNP finally reaches her , she reveals that she is in chains and that the only one who she 's seen so far is the JJ man ' .	17	24	VBZ	is	are	7
a further sign of the progress of experience and its NN to the community is the nature of cases undertaken .	2	14	VBZ	is	are	12
NNP is term limited ; his son , NNP NNP is his party 's nominee .	6	10	VBZ	is	are	4
significant portions of the ancient city NNS still remain , although they have been much reduced over the centuries .	1	8	VBP	remain	remains	7
the NNP select collection of annual flowers offers JJ plants that have performed in test gardens at the dallas NNP and botanical garden .	3	7	VBZ	offers	offer	4
this is provided that the user who has been working on this item plans to help expand each of the similar articles he created .	5	13	VBZ	plans	plan	8
digital sales from the japanese itunes began counting in december 2010 , however no other pc music NNS or NN NNS count to the total .	17	21	VBP	count	counts	4
and the edit i made to this page is to add NNP to the list as she also claimed to personally be NNP NNP in 2007 when she added four photos to her article and claimed copyright ownership over them .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the winner of the championship round is the champion .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
a defensive NN scheme under which the play of an JJ card is encouraging and that of an JJ card is VBG .	7	12	VBZ	is	are	5
the physical and chemical properties of the NNP NNP are the setting for a suite of rare plants , which the NNP VBZ through land use management and JJ interpretation .	4	9	VBP	are	is	5
the focus of research at the berlin branch of the institute is the history of the german democratic republic ( NNP ) .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
the upper text of the NN is the text of NN CD .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
a source of possible confusion with regards to german locomotives is that in german , means a tank locomotive .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
awards are nice , but a string of awards given to a person means one thing , and that same string to a group means something altogether less ( because over time good years and bad will eventually mean a NN of awards ) .	20	24	VBZ	means	mean	4
whether or not one agrees with NNP that deletion of RB notable NNP is correct and whether or not one agrees with him that this is a RB notable blp in question , this is a clear attempt to violate basic policy and VB with basic consensus forming mechanisms .	8	13	VBZ	is	are	5
two other principal features of the city are the santa NNP de NNP hospital and the contemporary NNP de NNP NNP NNP ( church of our lady NNP ) .	3	7	VBP	are	is	4
although the bridge at NNP still stands , the NNS have been removed and it became a new york state park in 2009 .	2	6	VBZ	stands	stand	4
the mountain range that crosses through this town , starts in san pedro el NNP and ends in NNP del monte , district of NNP , getting into the state of NNP until joining sierra NNP del sur .	2	9	VBZ	starts	start	7
the comments of the entire wikipedia community , not just NNS , are welcome , and indeed , sought .	1	12	VBP	are	is	11
other examples of groups offering postal play include the correspondence chess league of america ( NNP ) and the united states chess federation ( NNP ) .	1	7	VBP	include	includes	6
regardless , the absolutely unsourced nature of the article combined with its lack of internal logic makes it a fine candidate for the NN , in my opinion .	5	16	VBZ	makes	make	11
her reaction to human blood , however , seems to be more straight forward .	1	8	VBZ	seems	seem	7
the pass road ( b CD ) has a maximum grade of 10 percent .	2	7	VBZ	has	have	5
the release of JJ carbon dioxide helps to VB the air of oxygen and JJ NN products of the material that is burning .	1	6	VBZ	helps	help	5
the subsequent chemical composition of soil produced by NN activity also benefits the growth of JJ species of plants and other NN present in the soil .	3	11	VBZ	benefits	benefit	8
an earlier short film , also titled `` the NNP man '' , is a more faithful adaptation of the short story .	3	13	VBZ	is	are	10
the bottom part of the coat of arms shows the symbol of the JJ state of NNP , which ruled a big part of the district until 1803 .	2	8	VBZ	shows	show	6
RB clearly should not be editing that article ; his feelings about the subject appear to be VBG with his ability to write a JJ , neutral article in collaboration .	10	14	VBP	appear	appears	4
the current journey time to or from london is between five and six hours .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
some language NNS that implement a global NNP lock are NNP , the most widely used implementation of NNP , and ruby NNP , the reference implementation of ruby ( where it is called global NNP lock ) .	2	9	VBP	are	is	7
facts on the fact sheet appear to have been those gathered by us senate committee investigations .	0	5	VBP	appear	appears	5
the categories and articles below are all connected with rangers f .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
a preliminary jury , one of which is a south korea representative from the regular jury , reviews the applications , and VBZ `` approximately 25 or more '' people to participate in the event .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
stops in a JJ cluster with h as the initial radical ( hp , NN , NN ) are JJ and NN .	0	18	VBP	are	is	18
for example , JJ evidence on property tax incidents tends to support one economic model , known as the `` benefit tax '' view in suburban areas , while VBG to support another economic model , known as the `` capital tax '' view in urban and rural areas .	4	9	VBZ	tends	tend	5
according illustrations , in spite of some other comments here , i accept them .	1	12	VBP	accept	accepts	11
the standard to remove external links is not the same as the standard to remove content on wikipedia itself , which is that quoted .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
perhaps a decent way to think about it is that every `` thing '' in a sentence has case , while actions do not .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
the rest of the open cut has a concrete NN with red columns .	1	6	VBZ	has	have	5
despite being NNP 's first greatest hits album on NNP , more than a half of the album consists of songs from the time when she was with sony music .	14	18	VBZ	consists	consist	4
the question of importance to an article is subjective and the closer replaced his subjective opinion in place of the subjective consensus .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the issue pertaining to deletion is not cleanup , but notability .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
a characteristic of this NN is that it turns around two NNS , both of which VBP once per minute .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
this is a non-notable publication for which the only sources i could find are blogs and similarly unreliable references .	9	13	VBP	are	is	4
he spent most of his career in welsh football , where his CD game RB in the welsh football league is a record for a goalkeeper .	13	20	VBZ	is	are	7
the perth glory fc NNP team , also known as the perth glory women , represents the perth glory in the australian women 's national football ( soccer ) league , the NNP .	5	15	VBZ	represents	represent	10
at the hospital , his doctor tells him that the injury in his brain is very serious , and can put his life in danger .	10	14	VBZ	is	are	4
usually a person in this stage accepts the ideas they find on culture from their parents , the media , community , and others .	2	6	VBZ	accepts	accept	4
the main entrance NNS in the wisconsin state capitol have NNS which are decorated with stone NNS VBP .	3	9	VBP	have	has	6
the NN account of spanish royal NNP NNP NNP says that he introduced himself to the spanish as `` NNP NNP '' , indicating that his given name was `` NNP '' .	2	9	VBZ	says	say	7
the link between NNP and NN shows why an JJ production of NNP plays a fundamental role in several human diseases , especially in JJ diseases .	1	13	VBZ	plays	play	12
the archive of NNP long-term archive ( NNP ) is a pilot project started in 2001 and now operating .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the flag of NNP NNP is also in denmark .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP was late to catch the tourism boom that has swept spain in recent decades , but the coastal regions ( especially the NNP NNP and santiago de NNP ) are now significant tourist destinations .	19	30	VBP	are	is	11
earlier she spent years convincing NNS , development organizations , and local NNS in peru that transformation of informal property rights is possible and that it carries sustainable economic , financial and social NNS .	16	21	VBZ	is	are	5
to me the structure of this paragraph seems to be a statement that is not favorable to NNP followed by a NN .	3	7	VBZ	seems	seem	4
the owner of the company is NNP NNP and has run the business for international customers since 2003 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
in general , JJ cars of both NNP and NNP are slower on street and road courses , being less expensive and JJ platforms than their formula one counterparts .	4	10	VBP	are	is	6
the JJ configuration that dna VBZ naturally reside makes them difficult to separate , and yet they must be separated by NN proteins if other NNS are to VB the sequences that VBP proteins , or if NNS are to be VBN .	2	8	VBZ	makes	make	6
the temple which is almost in NN has two separate NNS - the main shrine dedicated to lord shiva ( NNP NNP ) and the other one dedicated to goddess NNP NNP .	1	7	VBZ	has	have	6
research in this area is almost exclusively performed using NNP as NNP and NNP ( the major human NNS of this family ) do not RB JJ model organisms typically used for this type of NN .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
carriers of certain NNP NNS are notably at risk .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
comment in NNP the brooklyn rail is most definitely considered to be a credible , important and informative publication and it is a notable source .	0	6	VBZ	is	are	6
areas that may be confused with natural landscape include parks for people , agricultural areas , NNS , maintained views ( use of aesthetic NNS ) , artificial lakes , managed forests , golf courses , nature center trails , back yards , and flower beds .	0	8	VBP	include	includes	8
the goal of JJ programs is to enable students to communicate using listening and oral language rather than sign language .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the apparent depth of reviewing on this site is a good sign , in the sense that VBZ metal NNP does appear to review `` significant '' works of metal only from a metal perspective .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
tucker notes that some scholars argued that NNP 's account of ibn NNP NNS against NNP is a NN of NNP ibn NNP .	9	16	VBZ	is	are	7
the government registration name in hong kong is `` JJ NNS '' , but VBZ NN JJ literally means `` restaurant with a big license plate '' , referring to its size of license which is bigger than other licensed street NNS .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the highest point , which is hart mountain near swan river , rises to 2 , 700 feet .	2	12	VBZ	rises	rise	10
links with the past at the school include a stand of oak trees , which dominate the school 's grounds .	0	7	VBP	include	includes	7
the unique property of JJ NNS is that these so-called armed NNS RB VBP highly JJ NN NN VBZ directly to cancer cells while , at the same time , leaving healthy tissue VBD .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the process for VBG our features is simple .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
it is more often found in JJ and older adults , and the teeth more likely affected are JJ ( lower ) NNS and NNS .	13	17	VBP	are	is	4
paul NNP told ultimate guitar that `` the last thing we want to do is come out with another album that sounds like the last two .	9	14	VBZ	is	are	5
RB later put andrew ryan at number 10 in their list of the top 100 NNP NNP , saying , `` the force of his personality and NN of his vision is JJ throughout the game .	22	31	VBZ	is	are	9
a point that has n't been made really is that these groups were VBG something .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the various types of devices used for thrust NN on jet engines are the target , NN and cold stream VBG systems .	2	12	VBP	are	is	10
generally , DT development in JJ mammals is similar to human DT development .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the theme of liberation from a VBN , almost VBN , emotional life into a more JJ and JJ existence plays throughout the NNS , yet it is noteworthy that james does not RB make of paris a NN paradise for RB VBN americans .	1	20	VBZ	plays	play	19
selective JJ attention or selective hearing is a type of selective attention and involves the JJ system of the nervous system .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
every wave scattered from any point in the scene has a circular NN about that point as a center .	1	9	VBZ	has	have	8
bands they have influenced include the NNS of being pure at heart , JJ girls , crystal NNP , NNP NNP girls , times new viking , rough NNP , the NNP set , the NNP NNPS , sweet valley NNP party and procedure club .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
while many of the NNS are not serbian , the celebration of the serbian culture continues , primarily through cuisine and the JJ serbian flag .	10	15	VBZ	continues	continue	5
thus , some muslim NNS working in the persian gulf countries prefer to engage in the NN marriage rather than live alone for years .	4	11	VBP	prefer	prefers	7
by my understanding it is , but any comment explaining implementation of this principle is welcome .	8	14	VBZ	is	are	6
the generic name refers to NNP de los NNS , where the fossils were discovered , while the specific name , NN , means `` amazing tail '' , in reference to the unusual shape of the tail NN .	19	23	VBZ	means	mean	4
the names in that section look RB like the NN `` gods '' in my article .	1	5	VBP	look	looks	4
the highway , which is named NNP road , follows the east bank of the river southeast along the flank of NNP mountain through the town of NNP .	1	9	VBZ	follows	follow	8
digital marketing firms such as NNP , NNP and itunes offer opportunities such as JJ creation and promotion and video hosting .	2	10	VBP	offer	offers	8
his NN painting saying NNP by the lake NNP is popular in the west , as VBN by its widespread availability .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
an evening with NNP NNP is a JJ television special , starring NNP NNP , first broadcast in 1973 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the two NNS and the NN well which exist on the site , VBP from this period .	2	13	VBP	originate	originates	11
the exact date of the airport 's construction is unknown , but was presumably it was built to transport workers to develop NNP into a resort by NNP , inc .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the population of this area is significantly african-american .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the oldest implementation still in use is JJ , from NNP , in NNP , in the public domain .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
NNS for working part-time are not RB VBN from your income , and they are also considered as JJ , but also JJ NN income ( although at a lower level than at the standard working level ) .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
an interesting innovation in the kitchen is that of a NNP NNP , which is an opening in the roof used to let out smoke generated by NN in the kitchen .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the origins of the NNP scottish are in the NNP 's army and the call to arms in world war i .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
some middle schools that feed into this school are NNP middle school and camp ernst middle NNP school , already fairly new , is to already undergo further renovation for more room for the extensive amount of students .	2	8	VBP	are	is	6
a JJ mirror layer between the JJ data and the NN data reflects the green laser while letting the red laser pass through .	3	12	VBZ	reflects	reflect	9
the partnership for child development ( NNP ) is an organisation based at imperial college london that seeks to improve health and NN in JJ children and youth in JJ countries , and thereby improve their education .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the nature of JJ acid as a JJ acid makes it particularly effective for creating NNS and NNS .	1	9	VBZ	makes	make	8
support to local artistic creation support to local artistic creation , which has already VBN fruit , as nowadays the town has its own big band and four brass bands and one other jazz groups .	0	21	VBZ	has	have	21
NNS for this hypothesis include the fact that there are many exceptions to the assumption that climate stability means higher species diversity .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
robert plant the front man of the rock band led NNP has close associations with NNP , particularly NNP college of further education .	4	11	VBZ	has	have	7
the degree of NN or chain length is then 1000 by the first ( NNP ) definition , but 500 by the second .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
an old account of his services at court relates that he painted the portrait of the king , `` life size , so well that everyone who looks is VBN , since it seems to live as if it moved its head and NNS .	2	8	VBZ	relates	relate	6
the colour of the western swamp turtle varies dependent on age and the environment where it is found .	1	7	VBZ	varies	vary	6
forms , colors , and movement keep it from VBG and allow it to grow as the artist NNS and develops .	0	6	VBP	keep	keeps	6
other communities in the immediate vicinity of the harbour include north haven and NNP .	1	9	VBP	include	includes	8
the cause of JJ NNS is frequently not identified .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
relations between ethnic groups are generally peaceful , although NNP witnessed deadly NNS in the 2010 NNP riot .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
the name `` NNP NNP '' is a nonsense phrase , although the liner notes of their first cd NNP contained a JJ listing of definitions for JJ .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
NN is the most common problem , although eating rituals and food refusal also occur ; this does not appear to result in NN .	9	14	VBP	occur	occurs	5
her husband , neil watson , is the director of the NNP museum of art .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the main focus of the first season is the discovery of oil reserves on NNP by john ross and attempts by him and his father , j .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
NNP railway station ( , ) is a railway station in NNP about north from helsinki central station .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
ip internet communications for JJ satellite operations control , becoming the first satellite whose mission control and operations center is any JJ computer located anywhere in the world .	15	19	VBZ	is	are	4
an alternate version of the towns name origin is that the first part of the word NN was used by mormon settlers in the vicinity , and the next canadian pacific railway station was named NNP ( NN spelled backwards ) .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
trouble on the tracks is an educational adventure computer game developed by mind 's eye productions and published by NNP interactive for windows .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
men who actively struggle against NN have a place feminist movement .	0	6	VBP	have	has	6
meanwhile , con man and NN owner NNP cannon ( NNP NNP ) tries to steal their gold claim .	3	13	VBZ	tries	try	10
the kings of south india like the NNP and NNP NNS relate their NNS back to NNP .	1	11	VBP	relate	relates	10
the most reliable way to RB identify a belgian NNP is by the brand on the left NN .	3	10	VBZ	is	are	7
the two players , when they play , control two main characters , respectively the red girl for the first and the blue boy for the second .	2	8	VBP	control	controls	6
their existence is not dependent on whether or not NNP system ( caste system proper ) is valid or not .	10	16	VBZ	is	are	6
cabinet members in the richard nixon NNP are currently six living former members of the richard nixon cabinet .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
so the cases that come to arbitration have other factors to consider or have subtle disputes about what constitutes NN .	2	7	VBP	have	has	5
NNP poster `` NNP '' writes that `` the format for the steve canyon NNS is wrong .	1	5	VBZ	writes	write	4
the 1930 mickey cartoon the NNP mystery has a similar plot involving a NN named NNP who VBP NNP mouse .	3	7	VBZ	has	have	4
this amendment to the controlled substance act is to `` clarify NNS conducted within the united states which may lead to criminal prosecution of those involved within the united states .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
he was an JJ mathematician , and one of the first people to provide evidence that NNS on the moon are the result of JJ impact .	16	20	VBP	are	is	4
the trees living at NNP are RB JJ like the english oak ( NNP NN ) , field maple ( NNP NN ) and common ash ( NNP RB ) .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
triple play 99 ( NNP ) is a video game featuring NNS current from january 15 , 1998 and NNS from the 1997 season .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the best things about this NN are scenes of JJ VBG machinery of the kind found in railway yards , as well as several NN NNS worthy of NNP NNP .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the rows of arcade posts support tie NNS , with curved NNS to strengthen the frame .	1	5	VBP	support	supports	4
for a long time it was only populated by a fishing and hunting people , the NNP people , who have their own language and breed NN in northern sweden , and today have special rights as a swedish minority group .	17	33	VBP	have	has	16
regular patrols by our NN NNS and NNS find and correct most errors of note .	1	8	VBP	find	finds	7
obviously the first aimed at less vital parts of the NN , while the target of the second includes the heart , neck , head , NN , and NN , all highly vulnerable parts .	14	18	VBZ	includes	include	4
notable scholars that have conducted this type of inquiry include media NNS such as marshall NNP , walter NNP , gregory NNP , and NNP NNP .	1	9	VBP	include	includes	8
the goal of sweden 's information technology policy is that sweden should be a sustainable information society for all .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
her NN early in the story is to somehow avoid growing up .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
old boys or people with a valid connection to the school maintain a facebook page with limited public content to share memories and post pictures .	1	11	VBP	maintain	maintains	10
a search restricted to the website of NNP county council finds CD for CD ' , entry for each of the other terms .	1	10	VBZ	finds	find	9
methods used in language surveys depend on the questions that the survey is trying to answer .	0	5	VBP	depend	depends	5
their entertainment , NNP , is famous for NNP star after school .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
more newer additions to VB technology include wider VBG NNS for NNS and thick NNS , the ability to VB frozen NNS , and the option to heat a single side or slot .	2	6	VBP	include	includes	4
another large pocket of russian jewish residence is northeast philadelphia and surrounding NNS and montgomery counties , as well as northern new jersey .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the list of robert bacon 's works , as given by john NNP , includes a NNP in JJ NNP NNP , NNP NNP , NNP super NNP .	1	14	VBZ	includes	include	13
a `` floating '' center cluster with JJ NNS includes a NN touch panel for controls and displays .	5	9	VBZ	includes	include	4
members of the NN genus NNS are JJ NNS .	0	6	VBP	are	is	6
the action of the video takes place in the middle third of this new black space , while the NNS of the NN VBZ stay on each end , being replaced by fully black borders whenever the word `` black '' is spoken in the lyrics .	1	5	VBZ	takes	take	4
comment in the interest of NN the nominator is a suspected sockpuppet of an indefinitely blocked user who repeatedly VBD sean crane , and whose edit history shows a pattern of repeatedly VBG JJ images .	0	8	VBZ	is	are	8
the main argument for excluding the chart ( that has any kind of validity anyway ) is that it would constitute NNP weight .	2	9	VBZ	has	have	7
this segment of the NNP is a designated portion of the east coast NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
a project , called `` NN '' , is currently underway , attempting to make this knowledge available on the internet .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
if anything , the fact that this is a contemporary painting increases the encyclopedic value .	4	11	VBZ	increases	increase	7
comment i would recommend finding additional outside sources , right now it has 4 references , 2 of which are the creators website , and the other 2 are the game it self .	0	12	VBZ	has	have	12
the major rivers contributing to the great NNP river are NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , little NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP whereas the small ones include NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP rivers .	2	9	VBP	are	is	7
i think the most common translation of NNP NNP is international aviation exhibition .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
at the moment i find the article virtually impossible to make sense of because there is constant NN between the facts about what the us policy in relation to money is or has been , and the JJ arguments about whether this is what its policy should be .	25	30	VBZ	is	are	5
oppose , no where near enough citations and the ones there are not consistently VBN .	6	11	VBP	are	is	5
actually , i 've suggested that a good deal of the material in the `` theory '' article has nothing to do with the theory and needs to go elsewhere ; the same is true for JJ measures '' and `` attachment in children '' .	8	18	VBZ	has	have	10
the oldest and best known section of NNP club NNP is its football team .	5	10	VBZ	is	are	5
observations with both wild and cultivated plants suggest that trees can remain productive for several decades .	0	7	VBP	suggest	suggests	7
the article by NNP itself is quite enough .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the object of the game is to VB the ball from the start to the goal .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
most military biographies , but i add NNS to any biography i can .	2	6	VBP	add	adds	4
the well-known scholar of NNP NN is NNP NNP NNP NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the JJ line ( transition CD ) is similarly mixed in with a neutral NN line seen in hot stars .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
another variation on the name is NNP ( NNP ) or NNP ( NNP ) .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
using this projection the distances between the NN circles are enlarged in such a way that the shapes of the NNS remain correct .	17	21	VBP	remain	remains	4
new experiments at NNP , however , seem to show that this NN is much greater than previously assumed .	1	7	VBP	seem	seems	6
this center in the brain increases sympathetic activity , releasing NNS into the blood stream .	1	5	VBZ	increases	increase	4
the firm , which is based in new york city , traces its roots back to 1985 .	1	11	VBZ	traces	trace	10
the goal of this reference tool is to VB , interpret and VB the lived experiences and achievements of the people of bangladesh from ancient times to date .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
blood rain or red rain is a phenomenon in which blood is perceived to fall from the sky in the form of rain .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
other major employers in the city are us NNP , NNP marshall regional medical center , NNP , NNP , NNP farm and fleet , NNP , NNP NNP , southwest minnesota state university , turkey valley farms , and marshall public schools .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
at , NNP is considered to be the 15th largest city or town in canada by area , although the majority of the VBG area of the district is largely JJ and JJ , but filled with many lakes , rivers and large forests of pine trees .	20	28	VBZ	is	are	8
a substantial part of the province is the desert area of NNP NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the video version of `` VBN out '' has NNP NNP VBG on the second verse instead of consequence .	2	8	VBZ	has	have	6
inclusion in JJ NNS and search engine is not evidence of n .	0	7	VBZ	is	are	7
evidence from a project run by the uk police suggests that commercial websites are in significant decline .	0	9	VBZ	suggests	suggest	9
another popular way to prepare and serve NN in japan is to VB the NNS into a NN VBD down the middle in the style of a hot dog , and VB the top with NN and NNS of VBN NN .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
patients VBN of NNP NN remain at increased risk of developing other ( secondary ) NNS .	0	5	VBP	remain	remains	5
the principle of the operation is the NN of the NN NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the strength of the article is it has a good layout with appropriately placed pictures ( where needed ) and enough text to justify the pictures or section , so it is not seen to be too JJ .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the techniques used in NNP are a combination of NN NNS of distinct southern tradition and the NN of piece MD technology from the NNP .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
he scored 18 , CD of his runs for NNP , placing him ( as of 2007 ) ninth on the county 's all-time list , while his CD wickets for the county are 12th on that ranking .	29	33	VBP	are	is	4
the JJ observatory ( NNP ) is currently under construction , which is expected to be finished by the end of 2012 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the order of saint NNP has the protection of henri NNS , count of paris .	1	5	VBZ	has	have	4
the purpose of the evaluation is to show evidence that the soldier is both physically and RB fit .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the songs from the soul based side two of the album includes `` touch of lightning '' , `` let 's make love '' , `` nothing in this world '' and `` do it right .	6	11	VBZ	includes	include	5
a group very actively involved in promoting a reduction of NNS in dogs in the united states is the companion animal NNP council -- NNP .	1	17	VBZ	is	are	16
the people of sri lanka say that .	1	5	VBP	say	says	4
the introduction , while NN , accurate , and also JJ , somehow seems a bit off to me .	1	13	VBZ	seems	seem	12
a tragic death , but wikipedia is not a memorial , and wikipedia is not news .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the chair of the school board is NNP NNP , and the director general is NNP NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the last major colony NNP became independent in 1975 and since then only the islands of the former netherlands NNPS are part of the kingdom .	14	20	VBP	are	is	6
the `` modern '' NN of mike NNP -- playing golf -- is not JJ , i VBP , not NNP to the article .	4	12	VBZ	is	are	8
i VBP you do not let this happen and that all the reference articles and magazine articles are more than enough .	13	17	VBP	are	is	4
the samples stored in digital NNS are usually of very high quality and made using world class NNS , expensive NNS , and NN NNS in a professional recording studio .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
this page ( except in NNP view ' ) is fine , but the type size in the NN has enlarged on ordinary pages .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the use of the foot NN is not widespread .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
talk to any experienced bass guitarist about bass NNS and it is very likely they will speak highly of david eden NNS .	0	11	VBZ	is	are	11
several processes , to varying degrees internal to either a major or minor party , are in practice nearly VBZ to being permitted mention on the provided NNS , and even more so to winning office .	1	15	VBP	are	is	14
a large part of the text is JJ .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the principal damage sustained by aircraft flying into a volcanic ash cloud is NN to JJ surfaces , such as the NN and leading edges of the wings , and NN of ash into surface NNS , including engines .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
so the water in NNP river is as holy as the NNP NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
i would also note that edits of user collect are very rough , he usually simply VBZ whole sentences instead of trying to improve the text .	5	9	VBP	are	is	4
a unique thermal lake of nearly two NNS is open throughout the year in the grounds of NNP NNP NNP .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
the primary arts of NNP NNP NNP NN and NNP NNP , as taught to the founder by masters including NNP NNP other component arts include NNP , NNP and chinese NNP , which the founder studied on his extensive tours of japan , china and asia .	2	25	VBP	include	includes	23
the main river in the affected area is the NNP river , which is the second longest in south america after the amazon .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
this system was based on the NNP symbolic tradition ; unfortunately , the meaning of some forgotten symbols is hard to recover .	13	18	VBZ	is	are	5
some scholars such as NNP consider the currently preserved copy to be a NN , and NNP considers the whole narrative concerning the NNP to be `` NN of any historical value '' .	1	5	VBP	consider	considers	4
the first use of the verb is god preventing NNP from `` VBG against me '' by VBG abraham 's wife in genesis 20 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the text of the NN indicates NN of recorded versions before don williams ' .	1	5	VBZ	indicates	indicate	4
weak keep -- an JJ school in northern ireland is probably unusual , which might justify its being kept .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
also , the reason why two separate colonies of NNS will attack each other even if they are of the same species is because the genes responsible for JJ production are different between them .	3	22	VBZ	is	are	19
a historically important road crossing of the river NNP is from the village at NNP bridge ; the VBN stone bridge was built in CD .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
the nature of the NNP canyon is specific and original .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the style of NN and singing for each chief is different .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
NNP ski area in new hampshire VBZ their NN chair to a NN during the summer months .	2	6	VBZ	converts	convert	4
systems with CD and CD NNS are likely to become more common , assuming developments in NN and materials science proceed .	0	6	VBP	are	is	6
the city of NNP 's history dates back to the 1859 pike 's peak gold rush , which brought not only gold NNS , but merchants and farmers to the community .	1	6	VBZ	dates	date	5
the tower of the famous mosque of NNP resembles a JJ or JJ temple more than a traditional JJ mosque .	1	8	VBZ	resembles	resemble	7
the spring NNP mountain bike festival , the largest cycling event in southern oregon , is a series of races and events held each year in early march , starting from the town of NNP and including the lower slopes of mount NNP .	5	15	VBZ	is	are	10
each sheet in the NN NN has three columns of 12 blank lines .	1	6	VBZ	has	have	5
the NN self-titled album by american punk group black NNP features an image of NNP NNP as the album cover .	3	10	VBZ	features	feature	7
the above equation of JJ NNS always applies , but the following approach may be more easily VBN .	2	7	VBZ	applies	apply	5
the upper and lower NNS to the NNS are late NNP gothic .	4	8	VBP	are	is	4
one success story that does exist is nintendo , who first applied the blue ocean strategy to create the nintendo NNP VBD game system which was the first portable gaming system to offer dual screen gaming and a touch screen in 2004 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
for these purposes , a particularly useful type of JJ decay is JJ NN .	7	11	VBZ	is	are	4
a food court in the stamp student union provides a NN of dining options for the university community .	2	8	VBZ	provides	provide	6
the NN is similar to that of NNP ; the NNS of both of these animals are more advanced than those of other NNS .	10	16	VBP	are	is	6
besides being used for entertainment and accommodation the building serves as a medical and dental clinic for the royal flying doctor service as required .	4	9	VBZ	serves	serve	5
an introduction to the art of wondering is an undergraduate philosophy textbook , originally published in 1973 , authored by james l .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
rs and he made an excellent case that the weight of the evidence is not with the way the article is written .	9	13	VBZ	is	are	4
the all-time leader in titles won is argentina 's NNP NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the game , supposedly called in NNP `` NNP '' , represents the famous battle of NNP valley between NN and NNS .	1	11	VBZ	represents	represent	10
another episode , NNP 's NNP , is an NN we get to see NNP 's family , you can tell they do n't have much money , living in a small NN like NN with a NN swing , screen door , etc .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
features of the garden include NNS and NNS , a fountain plot , a seat NN , and bee NN .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
the population of NNP NN is CD , 400 ( 2011 census ) .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the template `` JJ '' is very biased .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
research , by david NNP , NN at the university of minnesota , suggests that `` NNS made from JJ NNS of prairie plants can reduce global warming by removing carbon dioxide from the atmosphere .	0	13	VBZ	suggests	suggest	13
this is a minor point , any works created by ( us ) federal government employees in the course of their employment are not subject to copyright , and are in the public domain .	7	22	VBP	are	is	15
the second link NNP points out is accessible through the article history .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
insects of the families NNP and NNP arrive during the NN stage .	0	7	VBP	arrive	arrives	7
humans , NNS and dolphins are all intelligent social animals , whose cooperative behavior proves far more successful than that of any individual alone .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
the only extant thing we would need an admin for is whether to turn this banner off now , or have a lengthy discussion first .	3	10	VBZ	is	are	7
the JJ patch does not extend below the JJ arch , and the NN between its eyes is wide .	13	17	VBZ	is	are	4
other influences to his training style include roger NNP and floyd NNP sr .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
the late medieval subject of the mass of st gregory shows a version of a JJ story that was VBN in later NN .	3	10	VBZ	shows	show	7
both JJ NN stores and typical arabic NNS are JJ in saudi arabia .	3	8	VBP	are	is	5
the wealthy NNP of new york have asked him to take over his father 's job as their personal lawyer , but the money that will allow him the freedom to be an JJ NN is only part of the picture .	23	35	VBZ	is	are	12
the local residents claimed that the owner of the factory that was VBN in the fire incident of 2006 , now operates from another address of the same area .	6	21	VBZ	operates	operate	15
as many as 51 species of JJ birds VBP the reef for short stays .	4	8	VBP	inhabit	inhabits	4
the population of NNP NNP accounts for 36 .	1	5	VBZ	accounts	account	4
additionally , the communities found in the network are highly dependent on the choice of VBG function .	3	8	VBP	are	is	5
the political affiliation of his NNS is still a matter of dispute .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the details of the NNP marriage are neither notable nor important to the article .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
another example for a reference to events in the NNP era is martha j .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
my only other suggestions as to areas where attention is needed are mostly quite JJ .	3	11	VBP	are	is	8
any member of the former countries wikiproject is free to add or change the rating of an article .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
directions are according to traditional montreal map where downtown ( example , JJ NNP ) is JJ , with NNP to the north and the river to the south .	10	15	VBZ	is	are	5
the mean of the NNS is 20 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
almost all JJ students in the country are NNS and attend private schools .	3	7	VBP	are	is	4
the random thermal NNS of the electrons are much faster than this , but still much slower than light , and with no tendency to occur in any particular direction .	3	7	VBP	are	is	4
in addition , the site of the JJ steam plant has the potential to yield archaeological information about the history of power generation in the united states .	4	10	VBZ	has	have	6
churches which have verifiable historical or architectural significance are notable .	0	8	VBP	are	is	8
the comedy group `` capitol steps '' takes its name from this NN .	2	7	VBZ	takes	take	5
similarly the JJ descriptions of NNP have been taken as evidence that the poet who composed it had seen a volcanic NN in iceland - but this is hardly certain .	13	27	VBZ	is	are	14
the JJ mechanisms involved in those NNS are big NNS today .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
total length of voivodeship roads in poland is of which are VBN ( 2008 ) .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
though the building on the outside is rather JJ with clean lines , in keeping with the large governmental buildings in the immediate context , the interior was meant to VB more intimate and JJ responses .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
later , a phone call VBN from NNP connects him to russian NN NNP NNP ( NNP newman ) as NNP attempts to acquire a helicopter that has been modified to survive an electromagnetic pulse .	4	8	VBZ	connects	connect	4
i 'd think that schools with legitimate graduate programs are notable simply based on that fact .	4	9	VBP	are	is	5
similarly , the authority that VBZ a privilege to someone is usually different from the authority that VBZ someone 's public key .	3	10	VBZ	is	are	7
i only feel comfortable saying so because the amount of time and effort that this user has VBN from the development of dozens of what are almost exclusively political articles is a NN to the wikipedia project as a whole .	8	30	VBZ	is	are	22
the southern and western borders of the cdp follow the town boundary of NNP .	4	8	VBP	follow	follows	4
humans , animals and living things come about through evolution from a single random NN that caused the first JJ molecule to appear ( probably in the JJ earth - but perhaps elsewhere if NN turns out to be true ) .	0	6	VBP	come	comes	6
look here '' '' there is no comparison in the degree of support NNS receive from the muslim majority ; it is not supported by `` minority NNS of NN muslims '' .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
the lucky girl chosen RB from conrad 's fan club is JJ kim NNP from sweet apple , ohio .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
most people who use it are not aware of its origin , and do not intend it to be taken that way .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the next day , NNP is kidnapped and the message for the NN is `` NNP for the item '' .	9	13	VBZ	is	are	4
companies based in NNP include NNP foods , gardner denver and the NNP manufacturing company .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
the spelling `` catherine '' is common in both english and french .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
JJ NN is when parts of a module are grouped because the output from one part is the input to another part like an assembly line ( e .	4	8	VBP	are	is	4
timber NNS ( ties ) are of many available NNS , and are often treated with NN , JJ , or other wood NN .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
some people like them , some hate them but they represent significant point of view .	1	6	VBP	hate	hates	5
a popular show which NNP began in 2005 is NNP NN NN ( farmer wants a wife ) , presented by NNP NNP .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the funeral for alice mary NNP makes christmas for the other children a financial NN .	1	6	VBZ	makes	make	5
the perennial grass plant , imported from cameron highlands , gives off a strong JJ NN which VBZ NNS .	3	10	VBZ	gives	give	7
places named in honour of grey include NNP in the NNP region of new zealand , NNP , NNP , south africa and the division of grey , an australian electoral division in south australia .	0	6	VBP	include	includes	6
though one may VB the media for its judgment , its impact on the public is JJ .	11	15	VBZ	is	are	4
the newest clubs active in the NNP NNP include NNP gas , real NNP and sport NNP .	2	8	VBP	include	includes	6
a poem attributed to emperor wu of han VBZ a 101 bce victory over western tribes .	1	8	VBZ	celebrates	celebrate	7
JJ merger , where the commission has been trying to enforce the free movement of capital , while spain firmly VBZ its perceived national interests .	1	20	VBZ	protects	protect	19
centre for information and media technology ( NNP ) as a central unit and ( NN ) media centre of NNP , the NNP provides NNS and services in the field of digital information delivery and processing .	18	24	VBZ	provides	provide	6
note that other television shows and televised events also have a separate article on international NNS ( broadcasting of the simpsons , list of NNP NNS and home video releases , live 8 NNS , etc .	4	9	VBP	have	has	5
the aim of the centre is to create a database of the people in need , to provide emergency humanitarian help and to collect and VB donations both from the public and from other ukrainian artists and NNS to support the victims of the flood .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
phd individuals who VBP in NNP NNS typically work in the JJ laboratory , VBG and VBG specialized JJ tests that measure amino acids , organic acids , and enzyme activity .	1	8	VBP	work	works	7
with a second object b present , however , a fraction of the particles that would otherwise have struck a from the direction of b is VBN , so b works as a shield , i .	10	30	VBZ	works	work	20
the original NN from this library still stands today .	2	7	VBZ	stands	stand	5
this page list works that are NNS or a large part of the work are NNS .	3	14	VBP	are	is	11
the user , based on their name and userpage , appears to be using a role account .	1	10	VBZ	appears	appear	9
since they are based on physical NNS of common objects , like springs , the behavior of the algorithms is relatively easy to VB and understand .	15	19	VBZ	is	are	4
a third area , the NNP highland , extends from the southern end of the NNP highland in the area of vernon and NNP in the northern NNP region into washington state , and also VBZ the NNP mountains .	2	8	VBZ	extends	extend	6
the warm reception from the city of NNP and local sponsors is a welcome change for the team .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
the net benefit of intervention a over intervention b is therefore 1 .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
hebrew NNP edition text , and the corresponding page consists of an english translation .	3	9	VBZ	consists	consist	6
the stated primary purpose of maintaining the informal groups is to take care of the teaching in their respective disciplines .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
in many countries , the moral rights of an author are JJ .	6	10	VBP	are	is	4
a proof procedure for a logic is complete if it produces a proof for each JJ statement .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the most important parameter controlling the maximum earthquake magnitude on a fault is however not the maximum available length , but the available width because the latter varies by a factor of 20 .	3	12	VBZ	is	are	9
JJ burial , also known as live burial , burial alive , or NN , means to be buried while still alive .	1	15	VBZ	means	mean	14
looking at this gallery , the flags of sri lanka and the de facto independent NNP republic also have JJ decoration on the fly , but not to the extreme that NNP has taken it .	6	18	VBP	have	has	12
one example of musical side projects is kiss 's decision in 1978 to have each member of the band , gene NNP , paul stanley , ace NNP and peter NNP , simultaneously release solo albums .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the intent of founding the college is to deliver a framework whereby civil servants could learn to VB and , moreover , NNPS could be assisted toward building the appropriate NNS to regularly seek out higher civil service offices .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the most common file extensions used for NNP documents are .	4	9	VBP	are	is	5
NNP society ( NN ) is a term to describe the early ancient tribal society around the time of the three NNP and five NNS era in ancient chinese history and mythology .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
NNS by religious organizations are very real events in history .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
the mouth of the cave is approximately wide and high ( CD x CD ) .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the protagonist of the story is NNP , who RB enters the world of the NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
his spirit , however , seems to still be alive within the speed force , along with max mercury and other NNS .	1	5	VBZ	seems	seem	4
NN is a JJ medical condition in which cells from the NN of the NN ( NN ) appear and JJ outside the JJ NN , most commonly on the membrane which lines the JJ NN , the NN .	8	18	VBP	appear	appears	10
many historical NN groups , especially those whose focus is NNP or the middle ages , commonly use mail both as practical armour and for VBG .	3	17	VBP	use	uses	14
dispute NN 's edit ( here ) VBZ that NNP `` copied RB '' from 3 european artists , citing a source for only 1 assertion .	3	7	VBZ	asserts	assert	4
specialty finishes and its specialty marine NNP unit provide industrial NN and marine VBG services .	1	8	VBP	provide	provides	7
NNS that end in NN and NN have NNS that end in NN or VB even though the i is JJ in the stem .	0	7	VBP	have	has	7
the language of the NNP in NNP has more western slavic features than the language of the northern NNP .	1	7	VBZ	has	have	6
NNS like ice cream and NNS have some form of dairy as their main NN , whereas NNS like NNS and NNS have relatively small amounts .	17	22	VBP	have	has	5
JJ males , particularly young males , live in bachelor NNS and are VBN from the females by the territorial males .	1	7	VBP	live	lives	6
the use of NN rather than VBG by heat the two layers of glass is what VBZ the process in english from the gold glass technique , although in german `` NNS '' is often used for both .	1	14	VBZ	is	are	13
even that source you just presented still has nothing to do with NNP to destruction .	2	7	VBZ	has	have	5
and RB , the roof of the NNP cathedral seems to be the same colour as the inside of the NNP NN i linked to above .	4	9	VBZ	seems	seem	5
now the only way to get NNP out of danger is for NNP to VB NNP and he does not just that , with a powerful NN to this saga .	3	10	VBZ	is	are	7
the former NN much of the valley upon which the borough of NNP now stands , and the latter the JJ area north of the borough west to NNP , south of present day NNP .	10	14	VBZ	stands	stand	4
characteristics of their roller NNS are NN hills ( multiple straight or slightly VBN drops that went all the way to the ground ) and large , flat turns .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
NNP NN are also filter NNS , but they filter larger particles than silver NN and in general VBP a greater proportion of NN in their NNS than silver NN , which VBP more NN .	11	18	VBP	consume	consumes	7
a common structural theme in JJ NNS is the addition of NN units to the various core structures .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the use of NNS ( VBN NNS ) in rabbit hunting is common .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
the cost of high voltage electricity transmission ( as opposed to the costs of electricity distribution ) is RB low , compared to all other costs VBG in a consumer 's electricity bill .	1	17	VBZ	is	are	16
the reason i think that will help overcome NN is that the side of the carriage in the direction of NN will rise slightly , opposing the NN .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
however , the loss of JJ JJ capacity is slowly progressive and most eventually need NN .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
she was very JJ , and her features , though somewhat thin , are attractive .	7	13	VBP	are	is	6
the NNP phases ( also known as JJ or NNP structure types ) are series of JJ compounds with the chemical formula NNP ( where a is a transition metal and b can be any element ) and a specific structure .	2	13	VBP	are	is	11
NN , virtual channel 56 ( NNP digital channel 44 ) , is an NNP television JJ television station located in edmonton , alberta , canada .	3	12	VBZ	is	are	9
importantly , the united states is not one of the countries where this is pretty unusual and rare to warrant its inclusion ; NNS on this scale occur at least JJ times a year .	23	27	VBP	occur	occurs	4
as the relationship VBZ , an individual financial planning client 's objective in working with a comprehensive financial NN is to clearly understand what needs to be done to implement the financial plan created for them .	11	19	VBZ	is	are	8
construction of the NNP software park station begins .	0	7	VBZ	begins	begin	7
other JJ evidence from the books suggests that NNP and the other `` NNS '' , including his dam NNP NNP , daughter NNP , son lightning , and grandson NNP are also NNP , rather than NNS , which is the next most likely NN .	2	6	VBZ	suggests	suggest	4
the method of the VBG keeps the system JJ and the NN laws of electrons and holes are assumed to be JJ and NN .	1	5	VBZ	keeps	keep	4
sections have been upgraded to dual NN status , though sections of the route remain single NN .	10	14	VBP	remain	remains	4
a well-known example with NN problems is a distributed lock manager , which VBZ lock ( JJ conflict ) information across the distributed system to implement VBG techniques .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the translation of this list is a royal pain in the NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
on second thought , redirect to william campbell , but no merge , since this article already has this information , written in a much better manner .	11	17	VBZ	has	have	6
his record in public service speaks for itself .	1	5	VBZ	speaks	speak	4
the primary task of the committee is to resolve conduct disputes .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
VBN as `` a NN NN '' and `` a poet of the ordinary , '' keith carter is an internationally acclaimed photographer whose work has been shown in over one hundred solo exhibitions in thirteen countries .	10	18	VBZ	is	are	8
the fact that you define it by NNP and NNP , places it firmly in the km space of the mid 1990s and all the language ( and NN ) comes from that period .	1	11	VBZ	places	place	10
newly created version of article RB deleted for NNP seems copyvio free .	2	9	VBZ	seems	seem	7
the name of the village RB derives from a JJ norman lord , geoffrey de NNP .	1	6	VBZ	derives	derive	5
light rail vehicles ( NNP ) operate in an exclusive NN in the center of the street along most of the line to bypass JJ NN and increase speed along the line .	2	6	VBP	operate	operates	4
other scenes in the video include NNP surrounded by JJ NNS , riding on a swing that VBZ from the sky , lying in a bed of flowers and then dancing in front of a tree covered with VBG lights that adds to the NN imagery .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
the results of the survey indicate that skilled whites are strongly opposed to this policy and the arguments advanced in support of it .	1	5	VBP	indicate	indicates	4
this feature of the NNP NNS allows NNP to search for NNP with atmospheric NNS and NNS .	1	6	VBZ	allows	allow	5
the JJ exposure of an amino acid in a protein measures to what extent the amino acid is accessible to the NN ( usually water ) surrounding the protein .	2	10	VBZ	measures	measure	8
the central area in all NN is the NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
with a JJ probability that the channel is in deep NN , the capacity of the JJ channel in strict sense is zero .	13	21	VBZ	is	are	8
the first step in the investigation of JJ NN is usually the identification and JJ analysis of NN in the field .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
any property that passes from the set of NNS smaller than a given JJ NN to VB itself , is true of all NNS .	1	19	VBZ	is	are	18
this is because such areas will benefit most and because solutions for historic buildings at risk in such areas are more challenging to achieve .	10	19	VBP	are	is	9
fair use in NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the ability to VB and upload tender documents not only provides organisations with a full NN trail but allows resource and time to be saved in a sustainable and efficient manner .	1	10	VBZ	provides	provide	9
the main south NN in the NN has a JJ head , carved capitals , and a NN decorated with NNS .	3	7	VBZ	has	have	4
in order to prevent an infection from these bacteria , good NN is required , especially when foreign materials or objects like NNS are in the body .	18	23	VBP	are	is	5
a good example of an article needing more JJ and polish rather than massive expansion but ga is reasonable target in time frame .	2	17	VBZ	is	are	15
the old name of the city is NNP NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the local name for the language is NNP ( or NNP in the french NN ) .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the site of the former station is now a bus station .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the largest lake , lake NNP NNP , has an area of .	2	8	VBZ	has	have	6
popular artists in the quiet storm format are NNP marie , NNP jackson , johnny gill , NNP NNP , NNP l .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
the term `` NNP '' itself is not NNP , it was instead devised by french NNS .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the third novel , harry potter and the prisoner of NNP , follows harry in his third year of magical education .	2	12	VBZ	follows	follow	10
a more recent example of such efforts is the 2001 book by NNP NNP , NNP NN NNP .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
sources within the islamic community indicate that at the moment , in chile , there are 3 , 000 muslims , many of whom are native NNPS who , as a result of their NNS , have even changed their names .	0	5	VBP	indicate	indicates	5
while the town of villa del carbon is the largest community in the municipality , it is not the oldest .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
some journalists , based on informed sources , say that her execution was carried out by putting her in a large bag ( NN ) and then hung , the rope got cut off and they did the firing squad .	1	8	VBP	say	says	7
the language of instruction at NNP is english .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
still , deletion for lack of notability is on the table , pending other opinions .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
a player rolls , and showing are two NNS , a three , and a four .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
according to bart , the only escort he has n't heard from is NNP , a colombian escort who flew back home the day after the murder .	6	12	VBZ	is	are	6
species had VBN NNS , similar to those of NNS or deer , although the shape and length of the JJ suggests that the living animals moved by VBG , like a rabbit .	15	21	VBZ	suggests	suggest	6
all students at key stages 3 and 4 receive their NN to the statutory NNP national curriculum during NNP lessons .	1	8	VBP	receive	receives	7
same idea as peak variable , NNP keeps track of the maximum NN so far .	1	7	VBZ	keeps	keep	6
the NNP NNS fault NNS from live to the earth ( ground ) wire within the installation it VBZ .	13	18	VBZ	protects	protect	5
the NN varies between the NNS and valleys of the NN due to the fact that the volume between the JJ layer and VBG element in valleys contains an air gap .	17	27	VBZ	contains	contain	10
NNS of his significance vary widely .	0	4	VBP	vary	varies	4
fair use in go this NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
this complaint by user CD is yet another JJ attempt to ram through their biased pov and eliminate any opposing voices .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
wilson 's younger brother , stefan , is also a racing driver .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the only complete work which can be surely assigned to his NN is NNP NNS VBP JJ NN NN , a NNS dated to between CD and CD .	3	12	VBZ	is	are	9
the value of a local minimum is JJ , and the value of a local maximum is JJ .	11	16	VBZ	is	are	5
all the teachers of the school are well qualified .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the exact relations between NNP and the NNP leadership of NNP NNP remain unclear .	2	12	VBP	remain	remains	10
an alternative music video released by NNP shows various candidates in a talent competition in dancing and their NNS and NNS and hopes and how they are VBN .	3	7	VBZ	shows	show	4
JJ NNS ring the eastern and southern shores , and steep volcanic cliffs dominate the northwest shores .	1	13	VBP	dominate	dominates	12
NNP nordic world ski championships , and the gold medal in the 2010 olympic games in vancouver , is from NNP .	9	18	VBZ	is	are	9
the generally accepted translation of the title is no need for NNP or useless NNP , though at the time of its appearance it was also translated RB as no heaven and earth and this way up due to the original title 's JJ nature and multiple meanings .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the site of the NN and training centre is now old boston trading estate , located adjacent to the NNP east lancashire road .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
an article in NNP reader identifies him as a radical NN NN .	1	5	VBZ	identifies	identify	4
after completing the ship , the voice of the lord goes to NNP and commands him to load his family and supplies on the ship .	6	10	VBZ	goes	go	4
SYM - now not many people know this - so keep it to yourself - the only way to eat NNP and avoid it VBG back - is to VB a glass of NN NN over it first .	17	27	VBZ	is	are	10
damage to a NN plant during this initial stage is a result of NN and can include VBG and VBG of leaves and NNS , JJ delays , and NN of root tissue .	0	9	VBZ	is	are	9
they are sometimes considered a single lake because the flow of water through the NNS keeps their water levels in NN .	9	15	VBZ	keeps	keep	6
the thousands of other news sources are exactly that .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
the senior members of the NNP continue to select a small number of male students of the junior class during winter carnival weekend in a process known as `` NN .	2	6	VBP	continue	continues	4
support as a resident and daily user of JJ roads , and IN it sounds right .	0	14	VBZ	sounds	sound	14
the difference with its NN NN acid is that the NN that links the NN ( NNP ) group to the NN group belongs to the NN group .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the site for the temple is a lot called NNP square that the church had owned since the area was settled .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the former ecclesiastical province of NNP now forms part of the church of ireland diocese of NNP , NNP and NNP in the united province of NNP and NNP .	3	7	VBZ	forms	form	4
NN says '' all about NNP ; draw a computer NN with prairie and NNP monster ; play NNP games on the computer ; move and NN ; do the NN .	19	28	VBP	do	does	9
the basic principle of data NN is the combination of an object class and a characteristic .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
if JJ NNS are VBN when considering JJ diseases such as hiv , for example , prevention methods and treatment practices become inadequate and JJ for populations .	17	21	VBP	become	becomes	4
the arbcom should suggest to the developer community that once community standards for VBG editing on articles exist , mechanisms for automatic NN should be developed .	11	17	VBP	exist	exists	6
while other NNS such as brooklyn , queens , and manhattan all have at least one NNP , NNP island does not have an area that is `` .	2	12	VBP	have	has	10
the official authority of NNP airport is the governor of hawaii .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the JJ glass window in the north wall of the nave is by christopher NNP and was installed in 1923 .	3	11	VBZ	is	are	8
the standard tour length for most lieutenant general positions is three years but some are set four or more years by statute .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
we believe the rate of progress in cancer control is unacceptable and that this is probably because many current treatments are based on several JJ assumptions .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
the main point i wanted to discuss was that people are getting banned or as least VBN over edit wars in which an admin or his ( usually ) friend is one of the participants .	23	30	VBZ	is	are	7
in all modern NNS and most mammals and birds the maximum rates during NN activity are 10 to 20 times higher than minimum rates while at rest .	11	15	VBP	are	is	4
the tragedy is based on the JJ story of king NNP of NNP and his mother NNP , and their punishment by the god NNP ( who is NNP ' cousin ) because he refuses to worship him .	20	34	VBZ	refuses	refuse	14
he was the JJ advocate of the hungarian national interests , for the university 's autonomy , its electoral right fighting , and the full restoration of the hungarian language 's teaching is partly big due for him .	25	32	VBZ	is	are	7
the diesel fuel that is produced has various names including green diesel or JJ diesel .	2	6	VBZ	has	have	4
the second category - government agencies , is the biggest .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the concept that this ip , with only a handful of edits NN happened to be used by a known NN and then another unrelated user in exactly the same topic area , with similar opinions is beyond NN .	1	36	VBZ	is	are	35
in certain parts of the world , road view maps from alternative data providers are also available .	9	14	VBP	are	is	5
the first four seasons of the man show are also available on dvd .	3	8	VBP	are	is	5
the long-term nature of climate change makes the choice of social NN rate important in economic cost NNS of climate change policies .	2	6	VBZ	makes	make	4
RB a and b are actually operational , and extensions of both lines are under construction .	9	13	VBP	are	is	4
adults of both NNS and juvenile birds are very similar in appearance , the song is rich and JJ , a series of NN phrases that include VBG notes , NN NN NN and a large number of variations , with NNS between phrases .	0	7	VBP	are	is	7
since then , these provincial NNS exist in the royal family only RB , but each prince or princess traditionally maintains a special public connection to one .	16	20	VBZ	maintains	maintain	4
the class of all VBN sets with JJ functions as NNS forms a category , NNP .	1	11	VBZ	forms	form	10
the president of the NNP corporation speaks to commander NNP who is in his office under the film studio .	1	6	VBZ	speaks	speak	5
events at the convention include panel discussions , lectures , NNS , NNS , parties , games , concerts , and a dealing room for the sale of rare books , magazines , and other items related to science fiction .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
the oldest image of the castle dates to CD and shows that the castle had been largely rebuilt by then .	2	6	VBZ	dates	date	4
the water of this cave flows on the rock like a water fall .	1	5	VBZ	flows	flow	4
among the various JJ constraints , the requirement against mechanical NN during closure makes necessary to prevent contact with the door being closed or , in case of contact , to limit the vertical dynamic load below a strict curve .	7	13	VBZ	makes	make	6
in probability theory and statistics , the NNP distribution , named after charles NNP , is a JJ probability distribution used to model count data with more than one parameter .	8	15	VBZ	is	are	7
the yard at the bride 's living place is prepared prior to the future husband 's family 's arrival , animal NNS are laid out in the corners for the different groups to sit down and discuss .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
primary and junior schools in NNP hill include our lady of the assumption catholic junior school , NNP college ( formerly NNP hill college before merger with coventry technical college in 2002 ) , was adjacent to NNP college .	3	7	VBP	include	includes	4
the relationship of the NNS with these tribes is racial and cultural as well as linguistic , and as they live in neighbouring territories it is very likely that they have a common origin .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the main power of the college is the assembly in which every member has the right to vote .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the malaysian moon moth , NNP NN , is a purple and yellow NNP NNP in the subfamily NNP .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
the city of NNP de la NNP has as its primary economic activity the tourism generated by the thermal springs that are found here .	1	7	VBZ	has	have	6
fair use in NNP rugby IN this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the entire population on this earth carries the virus in their blood .	2	6	VBZ	carries	carry	4
a NN who VBZ voluntary , JJ NN is a regular editor who does not need to undergo rfa and is assumed JJ .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
other NNS sailing from harris are easily accessible by road enabling transport to NNP and NNP .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
even though NNP lodge is not part of oregon city ; the local elementary school ( along with nearby candy lane elementary ) forms an NN of the oregon city school district .	14	23	VBZ	forms	form	9
the circular building , similar to many NNS constructed at the time , has a JJ white JJ , NNP roof which VBZ out at 89 feet above the court .	2	13	VBZ	has	have	11
side products of the method include JJ and JJ acids .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
a new JJ analysis performed by them fails to recover the NN of the genus , however it find the north american referred material ( e .	3	7	VBZ	fails	fail	4
the process of writing JJ book is a transcription and NN of robert NNP butler 's masters class on writing .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
as pieces of evidence NN use , multiple colors of VBG and different NNS of VBG often occur , sometimes making it difficult to determine which portion of the evidence was read .	1	17	VBP	occur	occurs	16
a NN arrangement , by necessity , involves a large degree of personal interpretation .	2	7	VBZ	involves	involve	5
a match made in heaven is a 1997 television movie inspired by actual events .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
however , if the image used on NNP wikipedia is in fact on wikimedia commons , then it is safe to use it on english wikipedia .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
the nature of the attack depends on its not being directed against individuals .	1	5	VBZ	depends	depend	4
another somewhat related example offered in the book concerns the old NN of whether a tree falling in the forest makes any sound if there is no one to hear .	15	20	VBZ	makes	make	5
the NN must be removed since the chemicals and proteins , which cause a reaction in humans , are still present even in dead NN .	7	18	VBP	are	is	11
the central part of the island has an american presence which creates a cultural blend .	2	6	VBZ	has	have	4
the union and the intersection of a chain of prime ideals is a prime ideal .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
the theme of the song 's story is similar to the 1981 movie the last chase , starring lee majors and NNP NNP .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
that an individual has been given an award or NN constitutes an isolated fact that can not be copyrighted , and a list of such awards organized RB is no more creative than the JJ phone book in NNP v .	22	28	VBZ	is	are	6
the purpose of the english wikipedia is to communicate with NNS ; it should not be using names unknown to VB native speakers .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the reason people are not responding here is , i suspect , an indication that almost nobody else is interested .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the present day JJ navy or ( NNP del ecuador ) is a compact , efficient and JJ force .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
the other feature structure , the JJ pole ' , contains the JJ units .	3	10	VBZ	contains	contain	7
a painting of NNP NNP NNP is visible in the NNP NN NNP , NNP del NNP in rome , next to a painting depicting the CD embassy of NNP NNP from japan .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the protein sequences of NNS produced in this way are partially distinct from JJ NNS occurring naturally in humans , and are therefore potentially JJ when administered to human patients ( see also human NN NN ) .	2	9	VBP	are	is	7
VBG channels , lifestyle and weather channels , and special channels dedicated for display in public areas ( such as waiting areas , airports , train stations , banks , NNS ) additionally exist .	10	33	VBP	exist	exists	23
NNP NNP , who VBZ alex , is one of the only two cast members to appear in every single episode of the series to date ; the only other cast member to do so is david NNP , who VBZ justin NNP .	31	35	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP 's entry on the university contains a link to georgetown `` notable alumni .	2	6	VBZ	contains	contain	4
if this is the case , then only a weak version of the third NN is true , as there would be no fully `` correct '' grammar to be learned .	10	15	VBZ	is	are	5
NNP ( JJ ) are JJ , JJ NN which use JJ organic NN just below the JJ layer ; the NN VBZ a chemical change when exposed to specific laser light NNS , creating bits ( marks ) containing data .	8	22	VBZ	undergoes	undergo	14
the flagship program of NNP , the teacher education institute ( NNP ) is an intensive JJ professional development and cultural exchange course that takes place annually during the summer .	2	13	VBZ	is	are	11
the interior of the old NN was used in the NNP , for the scenes in which mafia don NNP NNP is in the hospital after being shot , and his son , michael NNP , attempts to protect him against NN who are trying to kill him .	31	36	VBZ	attempts	attempt	5
this type of ad NN VBZ itself from other forms by not being the base of the argument , but rather RB VBG such properties exist .	1	5	VBZ	distinguishes	distinguish	4
churches in the town include the JJ holy trinity church and christ church , which was built in 1843 .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
like its NN POS NNP ' , the tree is not possessed of striking autumn colours , the leaves remaining green almost until they fall in late november .	18	24	VBP	fall	falls	6
when river water carrying suspended NN particles reaches NN water , particle NN may be one of the factors responsible for river delta formation .	2	7	VBZ	reaches	reach	5
a further live version of the song is available on the dvd live at NNP july 16 , 1988 .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
a VBG case , but wikipedia is not a web guide , and nothing sets this group above the hundreds of very similar cases , so delete .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
as i say , the facts about nigerian yellow pages are not in dispute .	5	10	VBP	are	is	5
the chinese NN NN and scientist NNP song has the successful pilot model for his astronomical clock tower constructed in NNP , china .	3	8	VBZ	has	have	5
the length of the shell measures 6 .	1	5	VBZ	measures	measure	4
evidence to the contrary is not a a content issue , but a behavioral issue .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP replacement of the value of a global variable is at the heart of bugs caused by use of global variables .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
several images that previously worked now appear as broken links but look fine when VBN twice to view the original image .	1	6	VBP	appear	appears	5
although the released version of the song contains a verse in which idol VBZ `` new york , '' other versions of the song were recorded for various radio stations , including one in which he VBZ `` NNP '' , `` minneapolis '' , or `` new haven .	3	7	VBZ	contains	contain	4
the radical difference between this law and those of mill and NNP is that it deals not with particular units of thoughts but with NNS or identity between individuals .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
his other hit movie in the same year is NNP .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
demand for JJ criterion collection releases has VBN the business of NN ( NN ) copies , often VBN as a criterion collection `` asian '' edition to VB their NN nature .	0	5	VBZ	releases	release	5
comments and constructive criticism are of course welcome .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
the NNS of philippine mythology are the gods , NNS and NNS VBN by ancient NNPS before the NN of the natives after the spanish conquest of the philippines .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
an image below from mars global NNP shows this .	1	7	VBZ	shows	show	6
the candidates personal approach to voting in afds has nothing to do with whether they can be trusted to fairly close an afd .	3	8	VBZ	has	have	5
the decision , the NN decision , has not as yet been made as to whether or not we are going to actually purchase , buy , acquire , the NNP .	1	7	VBZ	has	have	6
indeed , forms of JJ NN appear throughout the world in most JJ or JJ traditions , WRB NNS seek to touch upon the essence of a deity or spirit .	2	6	VBP	appear	appears	4
other teams with notable success include the boys soccer team , who won the 2007 NNP NNP state championship .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
the most obvious difference between NNP and NNP rally is the ability to reward the dog with food in the ring under specific conditions in NNP rally .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
my understanding was that the very act of removing the speedy tag is one of VBG the claim , and that allowing it to be restored allows that dispute to go JJ , and is JJ .	6	12	VBZ	is	are	6
or material in both articles is already on the VBG block ( and i have some ideas about how to VB further additions of such NN in the future ) .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
though the performers and the audience share close quarters , the NN never becomes JJ .	6	13	VBZ	becomes	become	7
the statutory boards of the NNP government are organisations that have been given authority to perform certain functions in society .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
the JJ school , run by the society of the divine word , teaches preparatory , elementary and high school .	2	13	VBZ	teaches	teach	11
the only good reason i can think of is a case in which metric is not the usual system of measurement .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
VBN diamond in his award-winning books , guns , NNP and steel and the third NNP provides JJ and JJ evidence for the rise of large-scale warfare as a result of advances in technology and NNS .	1	16	VBZ	provides	provide	15
transferred to cd on NNP CD ; 19 titles , along with her 1911 la NN track , are also on NNP NNP CD .	8	18	VBP	are	is	10
section 1 of the NNP amendment to the united states constitution provides that `` all persons born or VBN in the united states , and subject to the jurisdiction RB , are citizens of the united states and of the state NN they reside .	0	11	VBZ	provides	provide	11
soon afterwards , a soldier from maria 's division arrives .	4	9	VBZ	arrives	arrive	5
the number of seeds per berry is JJ .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
its `` claim to fame '' is mineral springs , the largest natural NN spring in the world .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
k ) , then the set of natural numbers is a proper subset of NNP , since for each natural number n , there is a corresponding identity matrix of dimension n .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
the NN version of this song also VBZ the same instruments .	2	7	VBZ	implements	implement	5
old farms have been transformed into JJ hotels , the restaurant and caf business is very active , and an extensive cycle touring network has come into existence over the past few years .	10	14	VBZ	is	are	4
and the main part of the article is about the scientific controversy .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the NN concepts which inform an assumption or a NN are not RB taken as NNS or NNS of any sort .	2	10	VBP	are	is	8
however , the only product marketed under the NNP brand in south africa is a NN extract based spread .	4	13	VBZ	is	are	9
the alternative title to `` truth is NNP than fishing '' was `` NNP 's NNP '' .	2	6	VBZ	Is	Are	4
i was wondering if images of NNP 's buildings from google maps are acceptable .	4	12	VBP	are	is	8
detailed policy information for each party is also available .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the temple of NNP still exists ; it is now called NNP , and can be found in the city of NNP , NNP .	1	5	VBZ	exists	exist	4
the closing date of this NN is JJ .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
JJ JJ ranks - the vice chief of the defence force , chief of joint operations , chief of the capability development executive and chiefs of the navy , army and air force comprise the six NNP ranked NNS .	2	33	VBP	comprise	comprises	31
in this episode , NNP is busy applying to colleges , and charles has to VB the NNP to get into college but an unexpected visit from his brother travis gets him into trouble and almost killed .	25	30	VBZ	gets	get	5
a JJ setting of the mass ordinary also survives .	2	8	VBZ	survives	survive	6
the overall process of ending a relationship VBZ the conclusion that people strongly and generally want to resist the dissolution of a social bond since separation is generally associated with negative emotions where as the goal of life is to be happy .	2	7	VBZ	favors	favor	5
fair use in bill NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the player who VBZ in gets the chance to answer .	1	5	VBZ	gets	get	4
some minor NNS of NNP 's NNP river also rise in the mountains of northwestern mongolia .	2	9	VBP	rise	rises	7
the object of the game is to bid correctly on the number of tricks that a player will take in the subsequent round of play .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
songs like `` NNP de NNP , '' and `` NNP NNP '' are among the most JJ in her recent return to her jazz roots .	0	13	VBP	are	is	13
a partially black and white video following the lives of two women in abusive relationships , with NNP playing on a television in the background , VBG a 1940s JJ singer who suffers domestic abuse herself , although she eventually manages to escape from the relationship .	5	40	VBZ	manages	manage	35
all votes that oppose RB because too many of his edits are related to NNP are invalid .	1	15	VBP	are	is	14
this balance between autonomy and belonging is one of the VBG features of the NNP confederation , and brings with it both NNS and NNS .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
a file hosting service , cloud storage service , online file storage provider , or NN is an internet hosting service specifically designed to host user files .	3	16	VBZ	is	are	13
at this time , one challenge using this virus as a therapy tool is the fact that the NN is fairly small .	5	13	VBZ	is	are	8
notable contributors to the newspaper include mike cohen , city NN for NNP saint NNP and daniel NNP , a well-known JJ writer .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
NNP has been a major NN of the NNP gandhi national rural employment guarantee act although a large part of the population is still dependent on agriculture .	18	22	VBZ	is	are	4
the problem with a lot of afds is simply lack of awareness .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
NNP ( 2011 population 27 , CD ; NNP population 30 , CD ) is a town in JJ ontario , canada , and the seat of NNP county .	3	14	VBZ	is	are	11
the greatest concentrations of JJ terrain are in the same locations as giant , ancient river valleys .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the statistical area `` JJ '' , which also can include the JJ parts of the village , as well as the surrounding countryside , has a population of around CD .	2	25	VBZ	has	have	23
a bronze statue of lewis 's character NNP , from the NNP 's nephew , stands in belfast 's NNP arches in front of the NNP road library .	2	15	VBZ	stands	stand	13
there are JJ agencies , under seven NNS that are involved in maintaining water quality , yet their communication and data sharing between agencies is JJ .	18	24	VBZ	is	are	6
michael NNP ) whose discussion of the symptoms with his doctor ( john NNP ) is in somewhat JJ sequence , a common NN of the condition .	4	15	VBZ	is	are	11
the subject that you are having difficulty discussing is whether or not the content of outline of northern cyprus could just as easily be contained within northern cyprus , outline of cyprus , and outline of turkey .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the use of technology throughout the school extends lessons even further as they interact with NNS and computers .	1	7	VBZ	extends	extend	6
after alfonso vii 's death in CD , the title was abandoned , and the kings who used it are not commonly mentioned as having been `` NNS '' , in spanish or other NN .	15	19	VBP	are	is	4
once the report is submitted to the ministry of law and justice , the task of the commission ends unless it is required to VB upon identified areas of provide NNS by the government on the report submitted .	14	18	VBZ	ends	end	4
NNS of NN wings claim that the NN of the wing VBZ VBG and ease of gas NN .	0	4	VBP	claim	claims	4
the event of the murder is well enough covered in the article of walter NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
fair use in chain reaction ( NNP album ) though this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
jimmy 's search for a JJ partner leads him to NNP , and robert VBZ the two to VB as the JJ same-sex pairs team , because the regulations fail to state the NNS of the pairs .	2	7	VBZ	leads	lead	5
a NNP filter , JJ filter , NNP or NNP ( VBN NNP NNP optical filter ) works by rotating the NN of the light passing through the NN cell .	2	17	VBZ	works	work	15
if the height of the NN is already known , the JJ phase contribution can be calculated and removed .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
voyage of the NNP '' is an episode of the british science fiction television series doctor who .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
key molecules in the NN are the t cell receptor and its counterpart the major NN complex ( NNP ) .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the peer review department of wikiproject NNP worth VBZ peer review of articles on request .	3	8	VBZ	conducts	conduct	5
this aim of the NN is to get rid of the power of NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the interior of the church of the NNP features a NN beam carved in 1913 by johannes NNP of boston ; an altar of NNP stone and NNP marble , by the firm of j .	1	8	VBZ	features	feature	7
the most significant aspect of education as nationality practice in this period is the advent of compulsory primary education .	3	12	VBZ	is	are	9
bob NNP , `` no time for tears as NNP leaves the lab '' the sydney morning herald 7 july 1987 p 3 via NNP NN accessed 20 august 2011 .	5	10	VBZ	leaves	leave	5
the current NN of the province is archbishop NNP NNP , consecrated on january 23 , 2011 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the only protection for JJ material recognized by the supreme court of the united states is personal possession in the home stanley v .	2	15	VBZ	is	are	13
unlike what the movie the sound of music says , he was not threatened with death if he refused but was threatened with arrest .	3	8	VBZ	says	say	5
the next day at the NN , the king asks the same question and she asks to spare her life and the lives of her people .	2	9	VBZ	asks	ask	7
this idea of NN being guided by political NN is at the heart of policy reform .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
a selection from the records of philip NNP 's NNP valley iron works JJ ( NNP .	1	12	VBZ	works	work	11
because the most likely human route of NN of NNP is NN , oral NN experiments were conducted on mice .	5	10	VBZ	is	are	5
ron NNP and the legal NNS state that the ultimate aim of NNP NNS is to destroy church opponents by forcing them into bankruptcy or submission , using its resources to pursue JJ NNS at considerable cost to NNS .	10	14	VBZ	is	are	4
as they fight for their countries , the horror of the war wears upon their soul and NN .	8	12	VBZ	wears	wear	4
NNP city core , adjacent to the main road to NNP , and is a largely a JJ residential area with inadequate NN and NN housing .	2	13	VBZ	is	are	11
i have not `` VBN in '' on this entry as i believe it to be a conflict of interest for me , but as the time approaches in which i could push the proposed list article into NN , i need to `` speak up '' now .	27	41	VBP	need	needs	14
other major cities in the country include NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	2	6	VBP	include	includes	4
NNP NNP ( NNP NNP in the original series episode `` the way to eden '' ) appears as an ambassador .	12	17	VBZ	appears	appear	5
the mascot of eagle grove high school ( NNP ) is the eagle , and school colors are purple and gold .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
promotional NN , promotional items , promotional products , promotional gifts , or advertising gifts , sometimes nicknamed NN or NN , are articles of NN ( often branded with a logo ) used in marketing and communication programs .	4	22	VBP	are	is	18
their doctrine of the NN is a NN of the NN in their theology to VB the relationship existing between the person and society .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
my understanding of instrument NN is that when it is used , the VBG key of the instrument is always VBN to the written key of c .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP releases of the show also exist in britain and australia .	1	6	VBP	exist	exists	5
the aim of a bonus clause is to give a JJ situation whereby the contractor wins by getting more money for finishing early , and the holder of the contract wins by having a product earlier to market .	26	30	VBZ	wins	win	4
second edit summary on the page claims `` everything on this page was written and designed by the author .	2	6	VBZ	claims	claim	4
the likely purpose of this article is to serve to farm links to the two sites contained ; i will remove them .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the template for marking an article as part of the NNP task force is part of the wikiproject medicine banner , .	1	13	VBZ	is	are	12
move to something like list of rulers of gaza NNP or list of rulers of gaza province and VB in NN that it refers to the administrative unit in NNP and ottoman times rather than the modern entity .	0	23	VBZ	refers	refer	23
the cave system with the greatest total length of VBN passage is NNP cave ( kentucky , usa ) at in length .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
delete the articles on the president already include this material if it is worthy of being there .	2	7	VBP	include	includes	5
water bodies related to the ridge include lake NNP , NNP pond , the two NNP NNP , NNP reservoir ( also called monks pond ) , and NNP pond , as well a number of small brooks , NNS , and NNS .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
his best placement on the world tour with teammate NNP NNP , is a 4th place in 2007 , and a 5th place in 2006 , 2007 and 2008 .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
other uses for fly cars include work as a `` supervisor '' vehicle where an officer or supervisor NNS to various calls but does not ride on the ambulance to the hospital .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
the second paragraph of the article uses the word NNP four times .	2	6	VBZ	uses	use	4
drawing upon the work of the JJ american NN NNP NNP , NNP argues that , RB , the only way for america to distinguish itself from the JJ imperial powers of the past is to acknowledge its own capacity for evil .	20	34	VBZ	is	are	14
support good editor with nice percentage of mainspace edits out of total .	2	8	VBZ	edits	edit	6
NNP slopes and JJ areas feature red NN , NN maple , and western NN , with a NN and JJ NN .	1	5	VBP	feature	features	4
while NN reveals NNP 's plans , the three NNS decide to VB NNP 's spy to prove that the cardinal is guilty of treason .	2	10	VBP	decide	decides	8
as a predominantly NNP community , the residents of la NNP typically speak both english and low german .	7	12	VBP	speak	speaks	5
the list of ga members by regional group is just that , a list of assembly members organized by regional group .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
another symbol that appears on NNS and other NNS is the NN ; this represented the letter t and has been associated with the god NNP .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the earliest english translation had appeared as early as 1856 , but the translation generally used in the JJ world is that by w .	13	20	VBZ	is	are	7
the purpose of the template seems to be to VB the film as `` belonging '' to a certain actor or director -- and already we have NN , with fans of various actors adding their actors ' templates .	1	5	VBZ	seems	seem	4
the type locality for this species is NNP , NNP , japan .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
i recognize that the law , like engineering or medicine or architecture , is a relatively complex body of knowledge .	4	13	VBZ	is	are	9
when a plan to convert spiritual energy from tokyo 's JJ NNP NNS to generate enough NNP power to VB NNP fails , NNP sends the JJ cannon , a weapon with enough JJ power to VB entire NNS .	2	24	VBZ	sends	send	22
examples of specifically JJ propaganda after 1917 frequently include JJ or NN NNS .	0	8	VBP	include	includes	8
a family of NN farmers lives there and takes care of the place .	1	5	VBZ	lives	live	4
helping to build stuff is why we 're here , so options 1 and 2 are the only ways forward .	11	15	VBP	are	is	4
the year of son NNP 's birth is unknown , but his death is listed as 1846 .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
in such cases , direct application of a JJ reading of a policy typically comes to a result that is JJ with what a wide global consensus would be .	5	14	VBZ	comes	come	9
keep once again , a NN from a prestigious islamic seminary is both notable and NN .	5	11	VBZ	is	are	6
the NNP people ( also called NNP , NNP , NNP , and NNP ) are an indigenous people of brazil .	2	15	VBP	are	is	13
at the center of the NNP a section of the blade remains relatively flat .	7	11	VBZ	remains	remain	4
storms that travel up the coast are rare NNS .	0	6	VBP	are	is	6
the majority of the population in NNP is hindu .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
incorrect fair use claim since the image VBZ the jon snow article by showing what the subject looks like .	3	7	VBZ	illustrates	illustrate	4
npov , i have to assume that the conflict of interest still exists .	8	12	VBZ	exists	exist	4
the setting of the film is the JJ technique NNP ( NNP ) in NNP , NNP , in 1994 , during the NNP genocide .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the common length of this species is about 20 NNS or 7 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
article in its current state is a npov violation .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
the main advantage of NN tables over other table data structures is speed .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
an important aspect of the text is that it shows that the heart , liver , NN , NNS , NNS , and VB were all known to the NNPS , along with the fact that the blood vessels were connected to the heart .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
another hungarian name for the instrument is RB , which is thought to be an JJ reference to the JJ NN produced by a wheel that is not even .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the systematic name of this enzyme class is JJ ( JJ ) NN .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
lots of NNP hits , many of which involve substantial coverage .	0	8	VBP	involve	involves	8
the composition of the NNS formed in this way for each of the NNS gives a NN of the NN onto the solution space of the instance , and therefore gives a representation of g as the NN of a NN .	1	14	VBZ	gives	give	13
$ 7th NNP article about smoke issues is a step in the right direction ) .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
techniques used during this investigation include NN survey , JJ survey , JJ survey , and magnetic survey .	0	5	VBP	include	includes	5
contrary to the above , the reason for wikipedia 's JJ quality is cooperation , not competition .	6	12	VBZ	is	are	6
natural attractions such as NNP da NNP , do NNP e do NNP ( `` land of water , the green , and the sun '' ) also invite tourists to the beauty of NNP 's large reservoir .	1	8	VBP	do	does	7
the designation of an NNP is largely one of scope .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
a remix of the song by jimmy jam and terry lewis brings a new jack swing approach from the original .	1	11	VBZ	brings	bring	10
a distinctive part of his appearance is his dark NN , white JJ NN shirt over a black NN , JJ NNS , and occasionally , NNS .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the lead section of the article NNP explains it quite well .	2	7	VBZ	explains	explain	5
NN measurements made during the NNP mission provide an estimated distance to this star of around .	1	7	VBP	provide	provides	6
another way to limit medical costs is by VBG , essentially refusing to pay for expensive procedures with little hope of success .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
notably , the product of JJ NNS again is JJ .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
two important towns in the province of NNP are NNP del NNP and NNP .	2	8	VBP	are	is	6
my edits , however , are not vandalism .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
his major successes in grand tours include 5 stages at the tour de france , 4 stages at the NNP a NNP and 2 stages at the NNP NN .	2	6	VBP	include	includes	4
from what i understand , templates and their use are now also one of the things that the visual editor is struggling with .	5	9	VBP	are	is	4
keep , because although not quite as JJ in the tables that the other articles of this nature are , it still concerns a notable topic and can be improved in a manner that is both convenient and helpful for many readers .	14	18	VBP	are	is	4
some universities , seeking to VB between JJ and honorary NNS , have a degree ( often NNP , or doctor of the university ) which is used for these purposes , with the other higher NNS reserved for formally examined academic scholarship .	1	12	VBP	have	has	11
the article on the NN is just a JJ machine translation of the article on the croatian wikipedia , with tons of unsourced NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the individuals making up this community of practice are from various settings , however , the NNP claims neither formal nor implied NN by any organization .	1	8	VBP	are	is	7
a defining feature of this vehicle is that its road wheels could be VBN for JJ railway wheels .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the NN system in the king of NNP series is unique .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the protagonist of the game is NNP , a NN VBG RB similar to indiana jones exploring the tomb within NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
common NN by conspiracy theories is that we have to prove a negative .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
in addition , the JJ movement of the horse 's NN leads to a movement response in the patient 's NN which is similar to the movement patterns of human walking .	5	11	VBZ	leads	lead	6
secondary air injection ( commonly known as air injection , or RB JJ pump ) is a vehicle emissions control strategy introduced in 1966 , NN fresh air is VBN into the NN stream to allow for a fuller NN of NN gases .	2	15	VBZ	is	are	13
the portuguese NNS like NNP and NNP are common found among NNP catholics due to the former portuguese province of NNP , india and generally follow the second NN .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
though normal distribution , short distance expansion of each individual population still occurs , the overall expansion of the entire cluster of populations is determined by the long distance , rare events .	6	12	VBZ	occurs	occur	6
there is RB no natural choice of NN variables ; some choices of NN variables are more physically meaningful , and these are what are RB used .	11	15	VBP	are	is	4
production of the ford NNP ends after 20 years and five NNS ( the final two of which were virtually identical ) .	0	5	VBZ	ends	end	5
although this is similar to emma NNP , this actor is a grown man so a younger actor ( currently attending school ) is JJ though young and old can achieve the same levels sometimes .	17	23	VBZ	is	are	6
i think that the NN for the sample is a bit too large .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
the word `` helsinki '' refers to the historic significance of this agreement .	1	5	VBZ	refers	refer	4
NNP says that the article appears RB to reflect the sources , and he does n't really argue that the text of the article is pov -- only that the book titles in the reference section do reflect pov .	20	24	VBZ	is	are	4
the fall in stroke volume RB causes blood vessels to VB with some rise in pressure ( 15 to 20 seconds ) .	1	6	VBZ	causes	cause	5
therefore , for these readers , the current state of the article already VBZ the principle of least NN by VBG out the subject for special treatment with respect to muslim NNS .	8	13	VBZ	violates	violate	5
a NN laser at a visible NN VBZ NNS of CD ( 1 , 000 , 000 , 000 , 000 , 000 ) NNS per second .	2	7	VBZ	emits	emit	5
subject of the article apparently has no NNS .	0	5	VBZ	has	have	5
the distinction between these two NNS of `` word '' is arguably the most important one in NN .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
the last season of NNP NNP on the bench brings place 6 in league and average attendance of CD .	2	9	VBZ	brings	bring	7
phase i projects commissioned in 2005 include NNS of the NNP , NNP , NNP and the NNP francisco .	2	6	VBP	include	includes	4
but parts of route 44 are the NNS to the NNP .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the drawings i need to upload are critical for the page to have meaning .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
adults with terminal diseases who VBP before the next election lose their right to vote as well .	0	10	VBP	lose	loses	10
the first place of the tour is NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the images in that article are pretty poor imo .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
this list of JJ NNS is a global list of notable NNS that occurred in the 20th century .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
in particular , the ghost professor NNP is absent from the film , so his JJ scene about the chamber of secrets is instead given by professor NNP .	16	22	VBZ	is	are	6
fictional characters who own , run , or work in bars .	1	5	VBP	run	runs	4
essentially , it could be argued that NNP NNP 's output , ( with special attention brought to their more recent songs ) is more reminiscent of JJR indie pop bands , with definite NNS hiding beneath the NN , effects and JJ speed .	10	23	VBZ	is	are	13
the NNP contain CD species , although the composition of the genera is less certain , and more study is needed before the genera can become stable .	8	12	VBZ	is	are	4
JJ work , ( or NNP work ) occurs when the volume , of a system changes .	1	8	VBZ	occurs	occur	7
NNS of that tree are a main food source .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
an example of use as a surname is sky NNP ( b .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the primary method for community support is through the NNP NN lists .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
my other concerns about the article still stand as of the article 's current revision .	2	7	VBP	stand	stands	5
the NN of the ball is the circular VBG which joins the two NNS of the cricket ball .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the party seeking payment already has a public duty to perform the act .	1	5	VBZ	has	have	4
capital gains from asset sales are JJ only if the NN owned the asset for less than 3 years .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
many people within the NNP need all kinds of training .	1	5	VBP	need	needs	4
other weight loss NNS , like NNS , are dangerous and are now banned for casual weight loss .	3	8	VBP	are	is	5
also this is not a JJ NN ' any person 's ( stock market analyst ) who 's job it is to VB the financial strength of an insurance company knows what this is .	14	30	VBZ	knows	know	16
excessive use of NN on cotton and other crops , as well as the use of NNS such as NNP causes a large chemical pollution problem .	1	20	VBZ	causes	cause	19
although residences in the town are often in architectural magazines , the town offices consist of a several double wide NNS hidden from the street by a JJ JJ building .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the NNS by second person will be VBN only if the NNS from first person are not good .	11	15	VBP	are	is	4
american NN throw record in the early 1980s , whose NN is on display in the front entrance hall of NNP NNP , and after whom the NNP NNP football field and track is named .	3	11	VBZ	is	are	8
the biggest threat this NN faces is habitat loss due to fires , storms , agricultural development , and competition from JJ NNS .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
from a purely technical point of view , the term `` JJ '' has the sense of `` a point of intersection of parameters '' in serial music ( NNP 1974 ) .	9	13	VBZ	has	have	4
yes , it would make more sense creating something more specific , like muslim persecution of christians ( this is now wrong redirect to persecution of christians !	6	19	VBZ	is	are	13
the high strength but low weight of tubes substantially increases span capability .	2	9	VBZ	increases	increase	7
a left turn from NN rock creek parkway provides access to beach drive from local roads .	2	8	VBZ	provides	provide	6
promotion of the use of JJ energy and energy efficiency is to be achieved by VBG access to financial NNS that support the use of JJ NN technologies .	0	10	VBZ	is	are	10
national NNP article what the exact title is nowadays , but it should be national NNP or the national NNP or the national NNP live , or NN is accurate .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
a `` notice of understanding and intent and claim of right '' is a document used by NNP to declare their sovereignty .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
a grain of truth '' is in production , and will be directed by award-winning director NNP NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the catholic parish church , consecrated to saint peter and saint catherine , comes from the 18th century .	3	13	VBZ	comes	come	10
the verse novel was VBN in the NNP , and the first edition sold more than 300 copies in jamaica ( where average sale of any new NN is c .	23	28	VBZ	is	are	5
since the research by eleanor NNP and george NNP in the 1970s , NN can also be viewed as the process of VBG things based on NNS - the idea of necessary and sufficient conditions is almost never met in categories of naturally occurring things .	29	35	VBZ	is	are	6
information on any particular business is wholly inappropriate .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
additional features of NNP 's NNS include the use of quick NN , JJ passages with occasional NN , generally JJ word setting , JJ and JJ subjects , and JJ NN .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
honor societies , NNP , and NNP are closed societies .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
another JJ case subject to the ship of NNP NN is niagara .	3	10	VBZ	is	are	7
in general , the climate in NNP NNP national park exhibits a very high rainfall , being the typical of wet inland NNP .	4	10	VBZ	exhibits	exhibit	6
a request for continued examination ( NNP ) is a request by an inventor for continued prosecution after the patent office has issued a `` final '' NN .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
in NNS , the interaction of diseases or other JJ health conditions commonly VBZ because of JJ social conditions ( e .	4	13	VBZ	arises	arise	9
the topics of his art include NNS and NNS of NNP , with its NNS and orthodox and catholic churches .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
the NN two NNS of the JJ identification number are check NNS added to enable error detection .	3	9	VBP	are	is	6
the important thing for a closed square is that it is compact .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
NNS of NNP 's NN years in which NNP was JJR are more specifically identified by more than one era name or NN .	0	11	VBP	are	is	11
the problem with the question is that the NN has not considered the fact that other people may disagree with him as to whether the military actions in question were JJ .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
calvin NNP is the only member who even comes RB close to being notable outside of the band , and the only claim to notability in his article is that he has shot a tv pilot , which is NN at best .	22	28	VBZ	is	are	6
as he VBZ over what barbara would think , a man named moss ( vincent NNP ) approaches him , and proceeds to show richard around the house opposite , which has recently become available to rent .	10	17	VBZ	approaches	approach	7
the match is considered so significant that the announcement of the venue months in advance gets coverage in national media .	8	15	VBZ	gets	get	7
it is thought that some kind of JJ background VBD that choice , since the NNP name reveals a clearly defined , symbolic meaning in its translation ( see above ) .	11	17	VBZ	reveals	reveal	6
the side for JJ job titles usually makes an JJ argument , that JJ job titles at some level promote NN in the NN .	1	7	VBZ	makes	make	6
the two initially bond , but soon dylan ( reid NNP ) calls NNP , making claire angry .	3	12	VBZ	calls	call	9
in the NNP area , the JJ line marked by the NNP NNS actually runs through the museum and the great courtyard at a spot considerably to the east of the NNP pyramid .	7	14	VBZ	runs	run	7
for example , in a control group design experiment , if the instruments used to measure the performance of the experiment group and the control group are different , a wrong conclusion about the experiment would be reached , the research result would be invalid .	12	26	VBP	are	is	14
the final NN about `` JJ flowers '' refers to the extraction of NN from NNS , in which the visible `` show '' of the flowers VBZ , but their `` essence '' remains .	22	27	VBZ	disappears	disappear	5
but even the edits of april 6 are in themselves JJ .	3	7	VBP	are	is	4
the NNS and NNS representing long NNS are darker than the ones representing short NNS .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
the vision that informed the establishment of federal medical centres nationwide is JJ presence of the federal government in providing tertiary healthcare .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
usage and open carriage of NN guns in public places is forbidden .	3	10	VBZ	is	are	7
an example of a JJ NN is in the church of the NNP in NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the food of this NN is mainly insects .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
a much VBN dancer in his NNS , his presentation of NNP technique is at its finest and continues to be an inspiration for all dancers .	3	13	VBZ	is	are	10
the purpose of one 's life is to break free from the wheel of life to be able to achieve NN ( release ) from the cycle of NN and achieve NN .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
in one letter he VBZ , `` it is now apparent that the forces behind the railway and the construction company are one and the same .	13	21	VBP	are	is	8
the flag of british columbia is similar to the flag of the british indian ocean territory .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
a lack of extant erosion shows that mount cleveland is likely a NNP volcano , forming within the last 10 , 000 years .	1	5	VBZ	shows	show	4
the defeat of the atomic shopping NNP leads to another problem for NNP NNP - the bell boys , a gang of NNS who live in the desert on the other side of the bridge .	1	7	VBZ	leads	lead	6
a little exposition in the old shop shows some exhibits from the history of the company , free of charge .	2	7	VBZ	shows	show	5
the threat of separation causes NN in the attached person , and loss of the attachment figure causes NN .	1	17	VBZ	causes	cause	16
source claims `` JJ high school '' , but of four high schools in that city , none have that name took art classes at the art students league of new york .	12	18	VBP	have	has	6
note to NNS , the usual way to withdraw a nomination is to add a comment `` nomination withdrawn '' or words to that effect , sometimes striking the original nomination statement , and sometimes giving the reason for the withdrawal .	6	11	VBZ	is	are	5
systems with higher NNS are also generally JJ .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
notability , to me , means that the subject of an article is of interest to a general audience .	8	12	VBZ	is	are	4
the idea of different unrelated JJ people having random control over the production document still seems pretty strange !	1	15	VBZ	seems	seem	14
the location of the area is extremely convenient to the residents ; it is within of the north NNP railway station and is within walking distance of NNP city .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
i 'd ask this on the entertainment desk , but i suspect that the people on the humanities desk are more likely to know .	14	19	VBP	are	is	5
technologies that contributed to the collapse of atlantic NNP include engine power vessels and frozen food NNS aboard ships .	0	9	VBP	include	includes	9
section CD of title 10 NNP provides a very similar but not identical list of NNP activities .	0	6	VBZ	provides	provide	6
rapid transit workers in philadelphia , pennsylvania , go on strike .	2	8	VBP	go	goes	6
the earliest records of playing lacrosse in the NNS suggest that the game was first played in the early 1890s .	2	9	VBP	suggest	suggests	7
his ability to combine all the NNS of an academic dean with the attributes of an JJ athletic director is outstanding .	1	19	VBZ	is	are	18
the opinions of such authors are very much valid material for wikipedia .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the reason for the random NN is still not understood .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
other programs offered at the campus include NNP arts , sustainable building design and construction , sustainable NNP , NNP apprentice , continuing education , and academic NNP .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
comment even if cross language evaluation forum is a JJ article , this should just be a NN from NNP , not a separate disambiguation page .	0	7	VBZ	is	are	7
the last few notes on the NNP manual ( NNP to NNP , ) are in place mainly for JJ reasons , as there are no pipes , in most ranks , for those notes .	3	14	VBP	are	is	11
the largest connected component of this graph consists of CD NNS and CD edges ; VBG analysis reveals several prominent NNS within graph drawing that are more RB connected , including JJ graph drawing and JJ graph drawing .	3	7	VBZ	consists	consist	4
NNS that say where a user is from are useful because they may be useful for photograph requests .	0	8	VBP	are	is	8
today , the few instances when a NNP has gold NNS are usually when a sailor has previous military service .	4	11	VBP	are	is	7
she approaches peter , gun raised as peter tells her that she is the only one who can , but , in tears , she VBZ him to think of another way .	4	25	VBZ	begs	beg	21
NNP 's grand nephew , philippe NNP , is an ice hockey player who was drafted by the detroit red wings in the 5th round of the 2011 nhl entry draft .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
the NN security ( or information NN ) community in the uk is diverse , with many NNS groups contributing to support the uk NNP security strategy .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
the greek form of NNP ( or NNP NN ) is NNP .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
the tourism industry , for example , creates or VBZ buildings as `` attractions '' that have either never been used or can never be used for their JJ purpose .	2	7	VBZ	creates	create	5
the most vocal criticism against the free culture movement comes from copyright NNS .	3	9	VBZ	comes	come	6
the status bar running along the top of the playing screen gives the player 's score , the high score , the level number , and the number of lives remaining .	2	11	VBZ	gives	give	9
the intention of the guideline i quoted is to clarify points that should be considered when deciding whether notable subject matter should fall under the name of the event or the name of a person .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
NNP ( sacred offering ) performed everyday for the deity is dependent on the smoke VBG from the burning of NNS from the NN .	3	10	VBZ	is	are	7
this makes the NN of bonds an attractive source of financing to many municipal entities , as the NN rate available in the open market is frequently lower than what is available through other NN channels .	19	25	VBZ	is	are	6
also note that while the fuel for a fusion reactor is JJ and cheap , the cost of delivered power might not be .	5	10	VBZ	is	are	5
the problem with keeping this wiki is that nobody will feel like VBG the huge task of VBG it .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
these issues ( particularly when they involve questions of nationalism as this particular example does ) are among the more problematic for wikipedia going forward .	1	6	VBP	involve	involves	5
another example of disease NN is the new york state NNP NNP that tracks all JJ bypass surgery performed in the state of new york on a survey of CD us physician organizations published in journal of the american medical association , diabetes NNS are used by 40 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
as a result , and as what david explained in one of the below questions , one particular aspect that VBZ this project from others is that we have our own inactive project cleanup department , which assists in NN of old projects and task forces that are inactive .	18	25	VBZ	is	are	7
the improved NNP motor used in the second stage is in diameter and long .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
since that time , advances in imaging technology include the discovery of chemical photographic processes in the 19th century and the use of electronic imaging technology that includes analog video cameras and digital video and still cameras .	4	8	VBP	include	includes	4
the three small islands in the west of the NN are NNP , NNP and NNP .	3	10	VBP	are	is	7
while , RB , you could get a connection with infinite NN , zero NN is impossible due to the speed of light being finite , so instant loading is impossible .	22	29	VBZ	is	are	7
a man called NNP NNP NNP lives with his cousin who is a student NNP NNP and NNP NNP .	1	6	VBZ	lives	live	5
another way of forming NNS in such cases involves promoting the subject of the content clause to the subject of the main clause , and converting the content clause into a JJ clause with the JJ .	1	8	VBZ	involves	involve	7
the work provided by text NN is an important part of source criticism in the humanities .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the 3 NNS of this enzyme are atp , NNP , and NN , whereas its 3 products are NNP , NN , and NN .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
at least one pet food manufacturer not involved in any VBZ , the honest kitchen , has VBN to the news of JJ NN by VBG that it would add JJ testing to the suite of quality control tests it already conducted on all ingredients it NNS .	5	10	VBZ	recalls	recall	5
key elements of its design include a JJ grid of streets cut by JJ NNS , blocks of regular dimensions and a NN around its NN .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
the tallest building in the city , it stands on a rare NN of solid manhattan NN VBG the NN .	2	8	VBZ	stands	stand	6
smaller jet NNS like the NNP citation are generally not suited to VBN engines below the wing because they would be too close to the ground .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
the image of the NN makes things even worse .	1	5	VBZ	makes	make	4
the movie 's screenwriter , john NNP , is a long-time student of northern NNP NNP and worked closely with jet li during production .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
a home study , as its name implies , VBZ the NN of the JJ parents .	2	9	VBZ	examines	examine	7
smith 's novel , the discovery of light , deals largely with NNP .	2	9	VBZ	deals	deal	7
a quick search of google books still shows no support .	2	7	VBZ	shows	show	5
the decrease of completion rate among college students has JJ , educational and political implications .	1	8	VBZ	has	have	7
discussions focus on how to improve the portal so that it meets the stated featured portal criteria at issue .	1	11	VBZ	meets	meet	10
the JJ representative of this slave community , NNP rabbit is the hero with a `` JJ body but a RB strong mind '' that allows him to `` create [ his ] own symbols in NN of the JJ logic of the NN .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
the current head of the NNP is pr .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
executive grade navy nurse corps officers who have , or had , command of an installation or commissioned unit ashore are also eligible to wear the navy command ashore NN .	5	20	VBP	are	is	15
as NNS are not used , an altitude component of encoded meters is optional with a VBG `` a '' character ( below JJ VBN by a NN `` a '' ) .	8	12	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP syndrome , first described in 1936 by NNP NNP and NNP NNP NNP , is an extremely rare JJ NN of NNP NN ( NNP ) .	1	15	VBZ	is	are	14
a checkuser complaint filed on editors involved in vandalism shows that its likely that socks ( who are deleting exactly the same information ) are JJ on this article .	14	24	VBP	are	is	10
better international collaboration levels and novel forms of intervention are necessary to tackle this JJ phenomenon .	3	9	VBP	are	is	6
high points in the charts and overall sales are all that is needed .	1	8	VBP	are	is	7
live at the NNP is a dvd from NNP blue , a trio led by NNP NN page NNP .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
their NN is a pale gray with light NNS , but the fur on the throat region is gray at its base .	12	17	VBZ	is	are	5
the specialty of NNP NNP is that they are very dry , hard and NN from outside , but contain NN and soft core that is often filled with NN NN inside .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
shot in the old village of NNP , a small town on the NNP river which is slowly being destroyed by the building of the three NNP dam , still life tells the story of two people in search of their NNS .	0	31	VBZ	tells	tell	31
the page list of NNS has NNS by letter .	1	5	VBZ	has	have	4
the deeper issues in the couple 's lives are often JJ by being VBN over in conversation .	2	8	VBP	are	is	6
although the art on many of these early volumes is less detailed than that of nancy drew and other NNP publications , the sisters are usually shown in a far more active role , rather than hiding and VBG on the action .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the 19th century in the united states refers to the period in the united states from 1801 through 1900 in the JJ calendar .	2	7	VBZ	refers	refer	5
one company that was affected is NNP , which reported a 34 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
a lake , also called round lake , is just outside the city to the northeast .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
in fact , it says that the relation between forming planets by core NN in a metal rich disk and JJ gas giants is unclear .	7	23	VBZ	is	are	16
today , all forms of public NN by a customer are illegal , regardless of the manner in which the NN was VBN .	3	10	VBP	are	is	7
this kind of social NN is one of the defining features of the NNP gang films .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
entry blocks 8 and 9 serve the main ammunition magazine , utility area ( JJ ) and underground barracks .	1	5	VBP	serve	serves	4
he also maintains that the figures for the population of JJ germany include 27 , 000 jewish victims of the holocaust .	5	12	VBP	include	includes	7
note that converting to NNP is very difficult and rarely works well , as the software has to distinguish the different instruments playing in the recording , plus filter out noise and vocals .	0	10	VBZ	works	work	10
VBN NNS , VBN , scattered NNS and small towns , some with historic buildings are characteristic of this JJ old cultural landscape .	1	15	VBP	are	is	14
one way to measure mandatory program risks is in terms of JJ NNS , the amount that would have to be set aside today such that principal and interest would cover program NNS ( spending over tax revenue dedicated to the program ) .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
your discussion of the company history has a huge gap between 1996 and 2007 .	1	6	VBZ	has	have	5
however the issue of naming unnamed manuscripts remains .	2	7	VBZ	remains	remain	5
students in the lower and middle schools receive technology classes and daily access to technology facilities , while students entering the middle and upper schools are issued NNS .	0	7	VBP	receive	receives	7
JJ language learning system ( NNP ) is a JJ machine learning system developed by a research team at carnegie NNP university , and supported by grants from NNP , google , and the NNP , with portions of the system running on a VBG cluster provided by NNP !	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP acid or JJ acid is an organic compound used in organic synthesis as an VBG agent .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the production on the extra songs is JJR .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the JJ culture , extended from northern spain to south-east france , includes not only a beautiful stone technology but also the first significant development of cave painting , the use of the NN and possibly that of the bow and arrow .	2	12	VBZ	includes	include	10
death of a NNP ) is a 1971 film starring comedian and actor red buttons and featuring conrad NNP , NNP miles , alice NNP and sam NNP .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
i think the NNP link , which had been in since 2007 , is probably more informative than the NNP link .	4	13	VBZ	is	are	9
definitions for a NN are deaths within 30 days .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
generally , the NN , JJ , and NN are reported to be JJ , whilst the NN are not ( the image of the VBG cat , to the right , shows how the NN can be swept forward ) .	22	32	VBZ	shows	show	10
her friends webster , jim and charles are in south america taking pictures .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
while they struggle to survive an JJ NN which VBZ the town and NNS JJ , RB monsters , extreme tensions rise among the survivors .	17	21	VBP	rise	rises	4
the highly JJ CD NN NN sequence found in this species in one 2007 study seems to be due to a laboratory error ; in another study a CD NN sequence VBG with the general pattern of NN evolution in NNP was found .	6	15	VBZ	seems	seem	9
the three major highways across the valley are u .	3	7	VBP	are	is	4
the detail in the article is very JJ .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the woman , of course , is a NN .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the story of inception of ma NNP is not only very interesting but all full of inner significance .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
but it is unclear what the reason of that distinction is .	6	10	VBZ	is	are	4
JJ got off on the wrong foot with their approach here , but the idea of including the name is n't wholly JJ .	14	19	VBZ	is	are	5
one important feature of JJ NNS is the availability of some form of persistent memory .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
a NNP dance of the same name , NNP , exists , and is very similar to the russian dance .	2	10	VBZ	exists	exist	8
however , with technology constantly increasing in its abilities , the question of what can be done to preserve organs is an issue that is highly controversial .	11	20	VBZ	is	are	9
the development time from egg to adult is about fourteen days .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
a bag , in the context of fishing and hunting , is a quantity of fish caught or game killed , normally given as number of animals .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
other forms of apostolic JJ include the NN , NN , VBD cardinal 's hat , and the papal NN .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
despite strong mixed emotions , NNP 's final official act as president of the united states is to VB NNP and thus spare him from having to serve his prison sentence .	9	16	VBZ	is	are	7
its positive influence in NN NN for instance seems to VB from NNP alpha activation .	2	8	VBZ	seems	seem	6
some applications , such as web NNS , maintain an internal NNP cache in to avoid repeated NNS via the network .	1	8	VBP	maintain	maintains	7
academic resources of the center include the reference library ( 40 , 000 volumes ) and photo archive , conservation laboratories , and a study room for VBG works on paper from the collection .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
unlike the 1911 variant , no 1914 variant of this locomotive class remains preserved .	7	12	VBZ	remains	remain	5
in addition , the JJ characteristics of the JJ create a platform for natural NN formation and facilitate tissue healing .	5	9	VBP	create	creates	4
NNP `` black '' NNP 's background prior to his drug empire is largely JJ .	6	12	VBZ	is	are	6
in mathematics , NNP 's wave surface , found by JJ NNP in 1821 , is a JJ surface describing the NN of light in an RB JJ crystal .	6	15	VBZ	is	are	9
according to 2000 census , population of the district is 16 , CD of which 6 , CD live in the town of NNP .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
a lower limit for the NN of the NN is 2 .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the driver of the car , marion NNP , VBZ NNP to her house , until she has overcome her loss of memory , because mrs NNP feels guilty and responsible for the JJ girl who nobody knows .	1	9	VBZ	invites	invite	8
to VB the data , and the stories of how that data was gathered , we also need your help in VBG the notes and text .	7	17	VBP	need	needs	10
the centre of food and sugar industry is NNP .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the township ( JJ NN ) kong NNP covers parts of NN kong , ban NNP and pa NNP .	1	8	VBZ	covers	cover	7
symptoms of JJ NNS include weight loss and NN , JJ NN and pain due to NNS ( a NN of fluid in the JJ NN ) .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
but the new version of the article looks notable from where i stand , though articles could always stand a little NN .	3	7	VBZ	looks	look	4
a simple search of NNP trucks in google brings JJ amounts of results ( notable results might i add ) .	2	8	VBZ	brings	bring	6
the origin of the white belt is unknown , but generally presumed to come from cross breeding with dutch NNP cattle .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the practice of multiple inheritance requires careful consideration of the function VBZ to avoid JJ results .	1	5	VBZ	requires	require	4
the preserve is out of the flight routes for the airport , so the goal of the wildlife service is to shift animal populations to the area .	14	19	VBZ	is	are	5
the only time i 've ever been really happy is when i was at a pool table .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the pack beat up the gang of NNS who VBD up NNP 's sister , and NNP finds elvis VBG on the NN .	2	17	VBZ	finds	find	15
expansion of the original parking facilities is also necessary to meet demand at many stations , since many started with small lots suitable for just a few dozen cars .	0	6	VBZ	is	are	6
army of the dead - perhaps the smallest good army available , the army of the dead offers only one hero and one warrior type and one cavalry type .	0	17	VBZ	offers	offer	17
the only part of the original temple which survives today is the NN establishing the temple which was written by the NNP emperor , himself .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
the difference between this version and the original crush version is the length ; the NN and other sections were cut out .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
at events where NNS are gathering together , an epic NNP may be set where different parts of the longer story are distributed to those coming together before the gathering and the epic story is told at the event with each of the NNS telling their sections .	16	21	VBP	are	is	5
a rail station immediately adjacent to the airport terminal is accessible by an elevated NN .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
christian islamic scholars article , so having this article is pov pushing .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
part of the problem may be that you are VBG the reference desk to focus on providing references , when in fact the responses at the desk tend to focus on trying to provide an answer .	23	27	VBP	tend	tends	4
the present day constitutional NN powers of the president and governors VBP from the government of india act , 1935 , but unlike the NNP , the president and governors in independent india do not have any JJ NN powers .	5	11	VBP	originate	originates	6
with missouri 's withdrawal from the big 12 and admission to the southeastern conference effective july 1 , 2012 , the future of the rivalry is uncertain .	21	25	VBZ	is	are	4
an examination of their literature , moreover , reveals that it is JJ with NN , JJ , JJ , and potentially dangerous practices '' .	1	8	VBZ	reveals	reveal	7
the background of the painting is hard to distinguish due to the NNS between the figures and the background .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the church plan accepted in 1882 is rare among NNP 's designs in having simple NNP gothic NN in its windows rather than the flowing decorated style of which he was a master .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the first ship with chinese immigrants arrives in san francisco , california .	2	6	VBZ	arrives	arrive	4
the top of the NN is about three metres wide at the south-eastern end and two metres at the north-western end .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the collections of NNP museum and art gallery and the british museum include pictures that he painted in NNP , NNP and wales .	1	12	VBP	include	includes	11
the competition , like the scottish cup , is currently a straight knockout format .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
as NN approaches , NN and poor sleep patterns improve .	2	9	VBP	improve	improves	7
the relationships between NNP and buddhism are complex , as they influenced each other in many ways while often competing for influence .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
redirect to final fantasy vii there is nothing here that needs its own article .	0	6	VBZ	is	are	6
a plaque on the front of the building identifies it as the site on which `` VBG gas was first commercially manufactured in new england in 1828 .	1	8	VBZ	identifies	identify	7
the movements that come after these are usually pieces with JJ titles , not unlike NNP 's , highly varied in style and mood .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
the capital city , NNP , has around 54 , 400 inhabitants .	2	6	VBZ	has	have	4
the film , set in NNP NNP , consists of three continuous segments , each focusing on a group of characters whose relationships are revealed in the third segment .	1	8	VBZ	consists	consist	7
the search specification in the link provided is incorrect .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the interactions defined by the model include actions on physical items , information NNS and financial transactions .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
the original aspect of NNP island was of JJ sand , and the current NN environment of the island is the result of many years of work by residents .	15	19	VBZ	is	are	4
the average age of NNP residents is 45 compared to the italian average of 42 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the meaning of the name is uncertain , but it is thought that if not a word for NNP ' it may be a variant of or linked to words meaning JJ power ' and POS ' .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the CD NN building , which can house up to 250 scientists , is home to NNS and clinical academics from the NNP centre for NNP medicine ( NNP ) , and applied scientists working with the scottish national blood NNP service and NNP cells .	3	13	VBZ	is	are	10
there are at least 27 circular NN , and in some cases the interior of the NN is of fine NN NN .	13	17	VBZ	is	are	4
the statue made by prominent hungarian sculptor NNP NNP depicts NNP with his famous NN in his hand .	1	9	VBZ	depicts	depict	8
for the sake of NN , i think his earlier NNS made through arbitration are important information as well , and it might be VBG to add salary information in only the big contract and his current contract , without giving context on what he made prior .	10	14	VBP	are	is	4
note how adjacent balls along each edge of the regular NN VBG the stack are all in direct contact with one another .	3	14	VBP	are	is	11
the purpose of the society is to promote musical education with particular reference to the horn .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the top of the NN wall features a series of brick VBG arches , visible on the outside and built into the mass of the NN .	1	6	VBZ	features	feature	5
ip show activity that VBZ me to the ip , the ip is also static and to further the point my this accounts talk page and user page should have a history showing me editing it and stating it is indeed static .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
the new NNS in production now are NNP honey and NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP , and NNP twist .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the streams of bitter creek , east fork dry wood creek and west NNP branch run through this township .	1	15	VBP	run	runs	14
rarely , drugs such as NNS , NN , NN , NN , heavy metals , NN , and NNS cause NN NN .	2	20	VBP	cause	causes	18
the use of NN wheels requires that the VBG towers have a wide radius to avoid the JJ NNS collecting onto the VBG chamber walls .	1	5	VBZ	requires	require	4
NNP town , the capital of NNP state , has a population of approximately 2 .	1	9	VBZ	has	have	8
the objective of NN with trace minerals is to avoid a variety of NN diseases .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
and that this must go on RB , unless a christian man of a particular NN goes into the battle and VBZ them , only then will they stay dead .	11	16	VBZ	goes	go	5
during DT NNS , when the moon and sun 's JJ force NNS act in NN ( making a right angle to the earth 's orbit ) , the difference between high and low NNS is smaller .	29	35	VBZ	is	are	6
some countries , such as argentina , australia , austria , belgium , brazil , canada , germany , india , malaysia , mexico , pakistan , russia , switzerland , nigeria , and the united states , link their JJ systems to their federal political structure .	1	38	VBP	link	links	37
the dynamic character of the development of NNP is to be identified NN .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
NNP s model that came with NNS suspension , black wheels and carbon fiber belt covers and front NN .	2	15	VBZ	covers	cover	13
some people , principally NNS , use the term folk mathematics to refer to the informal mathematics studied in many JJ studies of mathematics .	1	6	VBP	use	uses	5
internal NNS , JJ narrative , a smooth RB flow without being JJ to ridiculous NNS .	1	9	VBP	flow	flows	8
NNP 's most obvious difference from CD mind mapping software is that it provides a VBG interface have also reviewed 3d NNP .	4	10	VBZ	is	are	6
the novel intervention , by julian may , depicts a NN of the JJ anniversary of the impact , which was caused by the destruction of an JJ alien craft .	1	8	VBZ	depicts	depict	7
yet the activities of NN funds VBP to VB such efforts .	2	6	VBP	threaten	threatens	4
rugby union in the united states is a growing national sport .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
for a 3d NN , the parameters of NN size and layer NN are the things you need to specify , not JJ precision .	6	13	VBP	are	is	7
maybe the guys who made the theory need their own template .	2	7	VBP	need	needs	5
details of the NN of NNP and NNP suggest that the two are only RB related and that long NNS evolved independently in each lineage as a result of JJ evolution .	0	8	VBP	suggest	suggests	8
NNP 's discontinued NNP system ( front NNP ) is one of the more commonly seen examples .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
a shell and tube heat NN is a class of heat NN designs .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
a team of the same name currently plays `` old time base ball '' in historical NNS of the original version of the game .	1	7	VBZ	plays	play	6
however , the restriction of the covering families to balls gives a different measure .	3	10	VBZ	gives	give	7
the biggest producers of airport buses are in china ( NNP , NNP , beijing , NNP ) , portugal and slovenia .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the men employed for this job are successful in VBG ' five addresses out of every six and view NNP 's casual skill at it with something approaching NN .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
the origins of the western term prefecture being used to describe japanese NNS date from 15th century portuguese contact with japan , whereby the word NN was used to very roughly describe japanese NNS , in portuguese the original meaning was more JJ to municipalities than provinces .	1	13	VBP	date	dates	12
the point in the cook case is that it never went anywhere near a prod or afd , it was moved as it was a unreferenced blp .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
schools in and around NNP take part in this tournament .	0	5	VBP	take	takes	5
unsuccessful NNS ( in JJ order of earliest nomination ) include such established writers as john NNP , v .	1	10	VBP	include	includes	9
the patterns , even in JJ NNS , have the minor figures drawn very carefully .	1	8	VBP	have	has	7
my reasons for the nomination are clear in my nomination ( fails bio ) .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
RB performs it , it becomes a tour de force , and a stern NN to those of us who might have forgotten that passion is the ruler of man , not reason .	14	25	VBZ	is	are	11
a problem with such a rating system is that the act of cutting NNS the knife - so once a knife had been rated , it would no longer be as sharp as it was .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the order of the lyrics on the record is the same order in which they were picked .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the past and present are constantly VBN in the house in paris , and the middle section , `` the past , '' is an JJ history .	16	23	VBZ	is	are	7
a place that is technically part of another country sometimes uses a different currency from that of the parent country .	1	10	VBZ	uses	use	9
but this kind of nationalist pov is in my opinion clearly not acceptable .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
their official website as of 2012 is currently JJ .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
a thin NN NN ( a piece of bone on the lower side of the skull VBG two NN ) is present in specimens from NNP , but not in those from NNP .	3	20	VBZ	is	are	17
the dictionary on my computer , based on the oxford dictionary , says that it probably influenced by the NNP company .	1	12	VBZ	says	say	11
the resolution of the internet telescope is dependent on the number of dark addresses it VBZ .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
medical students who fail to manage their stress levels have a NN to be less JJ in their work .	1	9	VBP	have	has	8
the NN that has been added to the article is most definitely or .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the standard of NN and NN amongst the NNS is very high .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
in spite of his trainer 's concern when he sees NNP in a television interview , training by VBG sides of beef in a meat NN plant , apollo puts more effort into giving everyone a good show rather than training for the bout .	16	29	VBZ	puts	put	13
at the same time , NNP becomes JJ when her friend and NNP star NNP NNP ( jane NNP ) takes credit for `` that 's a deal NNP , ladies !	10	20	VBZ	takes	take	10
processes such as attention , perception and memory , and operations such as integration and NN of information are internal to the system .	0	18	VBP	are	is	18
these former post towns , along with castle and harbor towns , form a major category of cities in japan .	3	12	VBP	form	forms	9
the obvious problem with that approach is that is simply VBZ the guide that you do not become involved in any thing with drama potential if you can avoid it .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
it is true that they have the JJS of lines and are usually built of the JJS materials ; but even with these NNS , JJ lines and carefully VBN masses combined with the NN materials may in JJ hands make a village school building a thing of beauty .	26	40	VBP	make	makes	14
its premier team , NNP saints , competes in the NNP premiership and won the european championship in 2000 by defeating munster for the NNP cup , CD .	2	7	VBZ	competes	compete	5
the boundary with NNP and NNP is to the northeast of fiji and consists of four JJ segments , defined by five individual coordinate points .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the company , synthesis technology , also offers a limited number of modules in NNP and NNP format .	1	7	VBZ	offers	offer	6
examples of such `` natural '' club goods include natural NNS with very high fixed costs , private golf courses , NNS , cable television and social clubs .	0	8	VBP	include	includes	8
transferred from the connecticut department of environmental protection ( NNP ) in 2008 , current activities on the property include studies of JJ grape NN varieties , the cultivation of NN for NN production and the NN of soil NNS .	15	19	VBP	include	includes	4
one role of a wikiproject is to help eliminate JJ content in its area .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
lack of awareness of NNS is a problem , but currently , it is a problem that is JJ .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
a few major characters from sword NNP with royal blood also appear in his final novel the deer and the NNP as minor characters .	3	11	VBP	appear	appears	8
delete no evidence in the article ( or anywhere else ) that this is a notable character .	2	13	VBZ	is	are	11
commuter rail ( marc ) this service operates three lines that provide commuter rail service to riders out of and into baltimore , washington , d .	1	7	VBZ	operates	operate	6
the irish name for NNP , , means `` church of NNP '' , named after an NN of saint patrick .	2	7	VBZ	means	mean	5
popular choices for egg consumption are chicken , duck , NN , NN , and NN , but the egg most often consumed by humans is the chicken egg , by a wide margin .	19	25	VBZ	is	are	6
the problem of course , if we do nothing , is that the user will carry on regardless with his disruptive editing .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
the day of that battle , june 28 , is now a state holiday known as carolina day .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
another protein - NNP - which is RB unrelated to NNS appears to be involved in the organisation of the JJ NNS .	1	11	VBZ	appears	appear	10
the base of the shell is very broad , RB rounded , somewhat VBN at the narrow NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
membership in a theological society is not a criteria for notability .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
the second and third sentences , however , are correct .	4	8	VBP	are	is	4
the italian NN frog , NNP NN ' , also known as the NNP 's frog , is a true frog endemic to the plains of northern italy , the extreme southern tip of switzerland , the JJ region of slovenia , and adjacent croatia .	3	17	VBZ	is	are	14
this may be considered a desirable outcome in cases where the party to the lawsuit is an organization with a JJ membership and political perspective .	11	15	VBZ	is	are	4
qualification for the 2013 united states women 's NNP championship consists of three different paths .	0	10	VBZ	consists	consist	10
NNP decides that the main problem she has with men relates to the fact that she can not VB .	5	10	VBZ	relates	relate	5
descendants of NNP khan 's horses remain in great number in mongolia .	0	6	VBP	remain	remains	6
prior to their NN NNS , the monks still in training wear a JJ NN .	7	11	VBP	wear	wears	4
the only radio station operating out of NNP is NNP , an adult contemporary station run by rogers media .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
a sign on the church grounds is a primary source , and i can upload a picture of the sign to wikimedia commons if that will help .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
a benefit for `` the 21st NNP '' project to help create a special needs community for people with down syndrome .	1	14	VBZ	needs	need	13
evidence submitted by NNP the intersection of edited articles makes it clear these are the same NN for instance , NN created this article , NN removed a prod .	0	9	VBZ	makes	make	9
there is little NN in average temperatures though the winter months from december to march are JJ more cool .	10	15	VBP	are	is	5
i am pretty sure the sounds in the youtube link are JJ NNP - but i may be incorrect .	5	10	VBP	are	is	5
the men under the NNP NNP NNP seem to be the same as the NNP NNS ( NN from NNP under the command of master NNP ) .	1	7	VBP	seem	seems	6
other works in her NN include the music video for new JJ musician NNP lane 's 2006 release `` choices '' and most recently she directed and VBD NNP manning 's new music video .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
the reason behind wallace 's lack of hair is unknown .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
NNP NN , the NNP ' pine or NNP NN ( CD pine ' in spanish ) , is a species of NN in the NNP family .	12	18	VBZ	is	are	6
the other three species separated later from each other and are thus partially compatible to each other .	3	10	VBP	are	is	7
a defense NN is a drawing technique in which the side behind in material or otherwise at a NN sets up a NN , largely or wholly composed of a NN chain , that the opponent can not VB .	10	19	VBZ	sets	set	9
the overall sound of these two tracks sounds closer to country , VBG the country rock movement to follow as well as dylan 's next album , nashville NNP .	2	7	VBZ	sounds	sound	5
while state quarters are representative of a state 's culture , they are in no way official symbols of the state and are separate from the official breed designation .	17	22	VBP	are	is	5
some critics have argued that research based on NNP NNS remains entirely JJ and fails to provide NNS for social processes .	5	10	VBZ	remains	remain	5
accurate measurement of the blood pressure is important .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
where the west end of CD street curves into the south end of riverside drive , the memorial to eleanor roosevelt stands in riverside park .	17	21	VBZ	stands	stand	4
the unincorporated communities of east richmond heights , NNP , NNP heights , and el NNP lie to the east .	2	16	VBP	lie	lie	14
the whole idea of a wiki is that we keep JJ NNS in mainspace where editors can find them and work upon them .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
a NN face curve ( also known as `` mid NN '' ) in audio signal processing , is a target frequency response curve characterized by JJ low and high frequencies coupled with reduced NN frequency power .	3	18	VBZ	is	are	15
opponents of the project believe that the proposed auburn dam will also VB urban JJ east of sacramento and NN from the proposed dam .	0	4	VBP	believe	believes	4
student associations of chinese universities are mostly under the leadership of communist youth league of china , which to a large extent limit its function as an organization purely belonging to students themselves .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the connection of that line to NNP is a later development .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
light from the source enters one side , VBZ with the sample ( usually also temperature controlled ) in the magnetic field , and NNS through the opposite window to the NN .	0	4	VBZ	enters	enter	4
merge with wing , NNP , this is a tiny stub .	0	7	VBZ	is	are	7
today , NNP consists of a few farms , including NNP hill farm , lower NNP and NNP ridge farm , but in the valley below , NNS of the old settlement remain .	27	32	VBP	remain	remains	5
the portrait of NNP NNP is one of the most successful in the human comedy .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the ending to be used depends on the nature of the noun .	1	5	VBZ	depends	depend	4
the important thing , perhaps in this case , is to not say RB that they are or are not christians .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the fact that she has a number of articles first authored by her students speaks to her NN and desire to give proper credit and to promote their careers .	1	14	VBZ	speaks	speak	13
other NNS based on that same specimen look RB different in both NN and colour .	1	7	VBP	look	looks	6
graduates below the rank of doctor , companions of the university and members of the university council wear NNS .	0	17	VBP	wear	wears	17
a transfer or proof of NN is valid for 90 minutes from the time of issue , for any transit service ( including NNS ) .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the biggest center for higher learning is the NN missions university near NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
permanent restriction on sarah NNP is over the top .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
keep lists of notable things in a fashion that is useful for t he reader are appropriate for the encyclopedia .	1	15	VBP	are	is	14
the only significant town on the peninsula is NNP NNP , a fishing town and port which comprised iraq 's main naval base under the regime of NNP NNP .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the higher the place of NN the NN is the layer of the actually VBN material .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
the direction of his firm is meanwhile in hands of his daughter christine ; himself , he continued on fields like marketing , public relations and NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
this JJ region of massachusetts , rhode island , and new york , comprises the peninsula of cape NNP and the islands of martha 's NNP , the elizabeth islands , NNP , block island , and long island , as well as surrounding NNS .	2	13	VBZ	comprises	comprise	11
the two species of NNS , along with NNS , are the closest living evolutionary relatives to people .	2	10	VBP	are	is	8
sharing NNS and the hard times too , fred and NNP find the simple , free NNS of life .	1	11	VBP	find	finds	10
the distance of the race is 2000 metres , but due to the track conditions the running rail is sometimes moved and this changes the official distance of the race .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the use of music at sporting events is a practice that is thousands of years old , but has recently had a NN as a noted phenomenon .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the policies of the NNP are more JJ than other scouting organizations throughout the world and other youth organizations within the united states .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
a personal digital assistant ( NNP ) is a small , usually JJ , computer with limited functionality .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
breeds with red flowers attract NNS and NNS .	0	4	VBP	attract	attracts	4
people visiting the village often wonder why the NNS are there , so i was providing detail from a local NN ; without making it sound like myself speaking .	0	5	VBP	wonder	wonders	5
the image for NNP wagner is not the person , NNP sue NNP wagner , that the page is representing .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the fourth phase , which opened on october 22 , 2004 , has the JJ circular NN in the united states .	2	12	VBZ	has	have	10
death NNS ( as birth and marriage NNS also are in the uk ) are merely NNS of the official record that resides in the county or other local authority register ( caps JJ ) .	1	14	VBP	are	is	13
wikipedia policy states that articles of a promotional nature are inappropriate .	2	9	VBP	are	is	7
the left half of the page is available on my 17 inch monitor .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
cuisine available in the area includes chinese , italian , japanese , indian and thai restaurants and NNS .	0	5	VBZ	includes	include	5
the game world is filled with NNS , laser defence mechanisms and security robots , all of which kill the NN on contact , resulting in the loss of one of his five lives .	10	18	VBP	kill	kills	8
the novel , published in 1991 , follows NNP , an NN or spirit child , living in an unnamed most likely nigerian city .	1	7	VBZ	follows	follow	6
fruits of the season include NNS and NNS .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
the belt of tin deposits resides mostly within the eastern slopes from NNP to NNP .	1	5	VBZ	resides	reside	4
the goal of this art is to transform a flat sheet of paper into a finished sculpture through NN and VBG techniques , and as such the use of cuts or NN are not considered to be VBN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
v as the potential difference across a cell membrane , not the voltage a human body operates on .	12	16	VBZ	operates	operate	4
NNP VBD NNP by saying that a woman with more than four NNS is nothing but a NN and that the NNP were all like NN seeds removed from the NN and she should now find some other NNS .	7	13	VBZ	is	are	6
most other models designed for this purpose represent NNS of porter 's comprehensive model .	2	7	VBP	represent	represents	5
any vector space over a field f of dimension n is JJ to NNP as a vector space over f .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
when the primitive streak forms , these cells expand out to become NNP 's node .	4	8	VBP	expand	expands	4
other real historical characters who feature prominently are abraham NNP , andrew NNP and henry more .	3	7	VBP	are	is	4
the field of effective JJ set theory is between set theory and NN theory .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
this best thing about this design is that it allows VBG directly behind the NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
one NN in your thinking is that the specific players are likely to be only on american or canadian football teams anyway , so a soccer fan is not likely to be looking for them .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
popular NN spot called as NNP hills is also within a proximity of 10 kilometers .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the mission of service coordination is to assist individuals with developmental disabilities and other groups needing assistance in determining and meeting their needs in ways they prefer .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
in chemistry , JJ elements ( also , NNS , or JJ elements ) are the chemical elements with atomic numbers greater than those of the NNS , the JJS of which is NN ( 103 ) .	4	14	VBP	are	is	10
this article , however , appears to be a hoax .	1	5	VBZ	appears	appear	4
NNS and some less senior , senior NNS are about equivalent to american assistant professors .	0	8	VBP	are	is	8
items available from the NN NN section include VBG NNS and a NN chicken kiev .	0	7	VBP	include	includes	7
wayne 's girlfriend ( not exactly a rs , though she probably knows horses ) that NNP has a `` napoleon complex '' i .	2	12	VBZ	knows	know	10
a search of the mtv web site shows no tv show called the duel 2 , the duel ii , or other similar title .	1	7	VBZ	shows	show	6
the shields we are looking for are like the ones used in mark NNP 's ny routes site .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
an important aspect of any model railway is the layout of the track itself .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the two men with NNP shah ( on the horse ) are his son NNP NNP and NNP NNP khan NNP .	2	11	VBP	are	is	9
the speed of the coup enables the rebels to acquire special strategic weapons .	1	5	VBZ	enables	enable	4
the area around the park , as defined by the world wildlife fund , has a population of 33 , CD people , mostly comprising ethnic NNP and , despite being named a minority in cameroon 's constitution of 18 january 1996 , NNP NNPS .	1	14	VBZ	has	have	13
the flowers of this NN are yellow with red bases and the outer parts are very RB .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
all stations except for NNP are level , and NNP features a grade of 20 NN .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
as speeds and distances to such noise and signal NN make recovery of the data is a real challenge , the researchers used an innovative detection techniques and applied a new set of technologies NN , transmission and processing together NNP with an advanced error NN NN .	1	10	VBP	make	makes	9
the security of a NNP NN session depends significantly on the quality of the random numbers generated by both ends of the NNP session .	1	7	VBZ	depends	depend	6
thus , by claiming the list should be deleted , you imply that not a single article on the list is notable , and thus that everything on the list should be deleted .	16	20	VBZ	is	are	4
past performers at hard events festivals include NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , m .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
its ability to grow and cover a vast area makes it a threat to NN .	1	9	VBZ	makes	make	8
a NN that lands on the ground inside the NN is worth two points .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
the ethnicity of the NNP NNP is 91 .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
in very elementary terms , JJ NNP space is a mathematical model of NN in which the notion of distance between points ( the metric ) is different from that of ordinary flat NN .	17	26	VBZ	is	are	9
the aim of the institution is to VB religious , mental , moral , social and physical information based on the principles of christian faith , to members of the christian community .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
for NNP , this return of the `` standard anderson NN '' is only one aspect of NN between joe 90 and previous productions .	4	12	VBZ	is	are	8
home of the basketball NNP until 1975 , the field house currently hosts the men 's wrestling , women 's volleyball , and men 's and women 's NNS teams .	0	12	VBZ	hosts	host	12
the effort that has gone into referencing this list is a waste as all it means is that we have a well referenced list of trivia .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
NNS and NNS often create brand problems , beginning with what to call the company after the transaction and going down into detail about what to do about VBG and competing product brands .	0	4	VBP	create	creates	4
the task of a join algorithm is to find , for each distinct value of the join attribute , the set of NNS in each relation which have that value .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
of course she was very JJ , but turned me down because `` even the mere NN of someone being hurt by my illness is JJ , JJ , and i refuse .	16	24	VBZ	is	are	8
several different types of health care facilities exist and patients may choose where they receive services .	2	7	VBP	exist	exists	5
NNP 's sinking habit is best explained RB as a VBG island , and the NN habit ( after which it appears to be named ) is JJ by the release of NN gases in JJ volcanic events .	16	21	VBZ	appears	appear	5
battalion , royal australian regiment ( 2 NNP ) is a regular light infantry battalion of the australian army .	0	9	VBZ	is	are	9
his tv dance show , `` the NNP dance party '' continues to air in that market .	3	11	VBZ	continues	continue	8
richard rose 's detailed analysis of the materials used in the writing of NNP NNP ( the floating prison 2003 , 2012 ) shows the general NN of NNP as a writer of verifiable history .	4	23	VBZ	shows	show	19
very low level minor league baseball player , played in the dominican leagues last season and is in `` short season a '' this year .	6	16	VBZ	is	are	10
the cars featured in the game are from NNP 2 and 3 .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
other us cable channels reported to have declined acquisition of the NNS are NNP and NNP .	3	12	VBP	are	is	9
recordings of these performances make up the live in japan album , released on the important records label .	0	4	VBP	make	makes	4
examples of JJ NNP products made by modern industrial JJ JJ processes are [ [ NN NN ] ] ( NNP ) , [ [ NN NNP ] ] ( NN ) , and [ [ NN c ] ] ( JJ acid ) .	0	12	VBP	are	is	12
the shell of NNS varies in shape , and includes shells that are circular , JJ and rectangular .	1	9	VBZ	includes	include	8
another common reason for failure of flat NN is lack of maintenance of NNS whereby NN , leaves and debris block water outlets ( be they VBP , NNS , NNS or NNS ) , thus water can not VB away and VBZ up .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
NNP and NNP introduce new vector and JJ fields , and their explanation of the bullet cluster , if it works at all , involves independent motion of those extra fields .	12	20	VBZ	works	work	8
in the preliminary examination , the number of candidate selected for the NNS is 11 or 12 times the number of NNS and in case of the main examination , the number of candidates selected for the interview is twice the number of NNS .	31	38	VBZ	is	are	7
results 1 - 10 of about CD for `` ron NNP '' none of which seem to backup the NNS in the article , and results 1 - 10 of about 27 for `` ron NNP '' spider .	0	15	VBP	seem	seems	15
according to the orthodox NN of wang of the NNP , the label given by NNP to wang as a representative of NN , NN and NN hits the NN on the head .	12	27	VBZ	hits	hit	15
the seat of the NNP is the cathedral of the NNP conception , built in the style of the NNP NNP , and located across the street from the NNP 's offices .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
languages , programming or natural , are such things .	0	6	VBP	are	is	6
though , gender NNS in sudan , particularly as they VBP to female JJ NN and the NN of women to men in the labor market , have received attention in the international community .	3	10	VBP	pertain	pertains	7
the genus name , NNP , comes from NNP , colorado , where it was discovered .	2	6	VBZ	comes	come	4
the population of the downtown is around 27 , 000 in the year of 1990 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
comment all the links on the article appear to be broken , which makes it very hard to see any evidence of notability .	3	7	VBP	appear	appears	4
the intermediate hosts of this NN are NNS and NNS ( NNS ) which the cat must kill and eat in order to acquire the NN infection .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the way i do it is more JJ , in my opinion , as well as being a standard system ( one of them ) in academic publishing in the humanities .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the message left was neutral in tone but the fact that the candidate left it carries the NN that they want the recipient to !	9	15	VBZ	carries	carry	6
the exploration phase of the NN planning is about creating tasks and VBG their implementation time .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the toll for a regular passenger car to VB the entire road is 400 NN .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
the treatment of waste water involves the use of strong chemicals , many of which are toxic .	1	5	VBZ	involves	involve	4
keep and cleanup or merge i think that a college , as part of an university , is notable .	9	17	VBZ	is	are	8
NNP 's center of population , due to its NN history , is around the valley of the east branch of the NNP river .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
the terms POS ' and CD end ' have the same NNS as in australia ( see above ) .	1	8	VBP	have	has	7
some examples of topics in JJ NN are NN , handle NNS , local NN , and the NN and JJ NNPS NNS .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
arab architects , ibn NNP and NNP ibn NNP to construct a dome with the best materials available to them .	1	7	VBP	ibn	ibn	6
second the line from NNP to NNP square , which would be a JJ and is 4 .	2	15	VBZ	is	are	13
the degree distribution in the case of the ring NN is just a NNP delta function centered at k .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
the our tribe NNP mix version of the song features on the band 's disco 2 album .	5	9	VBZ	features	feature	4
the JJ age for JJ NN ranges from 16 weeks in norway , to 20 weeks in the us and australia , 24 weeks in the uk , and 26 weeks in italy and spain .	2	6	VBZ	ranges	range	4
new system posting of the trains has arrival .	2	6	VBZ	has	have	4
examples of such an approach include south africa 's financial sector charter or indian NNS who promoted the nursing profession within india itself , which has resulted in a rapid growth in demand for nursing education and a related supply response .	0	5	VBP	include	includes	5
animals , plants , streams and people are all the same except in the form they have assumed following this great split .	0	7	VBP	are	is	7
people in the city of NNP speak a unique dialect which sounds nothing like standard NNP or any other dialect , and it is also holds distinctive differences from surrounding dialects .	0	6	VBP	speak	speaks	6
experimental techniques which can directly measure the mechanical properties of dna are relatively new , and NN NN in solution is often difficult .	1	11	VBP	are	is	10
a NN IN the rim NN of the JJ bowl of the ear is flat , rather than folded NNS ; it is an evolutionary NN from when the human head muscles permitted the person to RB VB up the ears in a given direction .	1	13	VBZ	is	are	12
even when an employee of his , NNP asks about the raise he was promised and when harvey VBZ again to having VBN and not giving NNP so much as a penny more , NNP VBZ harvey out and NNS .	3	8	VBZ	asks	ask	5
however , being in an ocean environment , the transfer of disease organisms from the wild fish to the NN fish is an JJ risk .	9	21	VBZ	is	are	12
authorities and JJ manufacturers are generally reluctant to share the results of NNP radar tests and the test derived drag NNS ( cd ) of NNS with the general public .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
i think the more likely explanation of sc behavior is a RB JJ conception of social and academic NNS and he was likely in line with his own understanding of good behavior .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
the current editor of the journal is JJ NNP , a professor of international relations at the middle east technical university ( NNP ) ( NNP , turkey ) .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
iranian influence , especially in the royal figures and the NN of NNS used , is even stronger .	1	15	VBZ	is	are	14
the NNS of this species are light JJ brown , VBN with JJ and RB VBN with darker brown .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the only reason i can think of for this sort of NN is to preserve the battery when there appears to be no load ( in which case the NNP should look for any load , rather than something greater than CD ) .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
once the NNP of the thing is VBN , the NNP will VB to RB understand how all the levels that once separated him and god are actually all one .	19	26	VBP	are	is	7
however , when the article you 're writing is about someone like one of john NNP 's former NNS then it 's a different case entirely .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
it is known that every integral NNP NN which is both JJ and VBZ to a unit at 1 is the alexander NN of a NN ( NNP 1996 ) .	7	19	VBZ	is	are	12
the first records indicating permanent english settlements in the bay islands show that port royal , on the island of NNP , was again occupied in the year CD .	2	11	VBP	show	shows	9
the exact age of the walls is unknown , but they have an old appearance .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
performance , body and visual parts that can be bought in the game are also from real life companies .	5	13	VBP	are	is	8
native client uses NNP as its c library , but a port of NNP NN is also available .	11	15	VBZ	is	are	4
the more general term `` NNS '' incorporates the entire medium , including private organizational news systems .	3	7	VBZ	incorporates	incorporate	4
his vote VBZ the other NNS , especially NNP 7 ( jack NNP ) , who has tickets to a baseball game that evening ; and NNP 10 ( ed NNP ) , who believes that most people from NN backgrounds are more likely to commit crimes .	37	41	VBP	are	is	4
the lyrics in the song seem to agree with several aspects of NNP 's life .	1	5	VBP	seem	seems	4
the project on forward engagement seeks to develop the means to incorporate systematic NN thinking into national and global NN .	1	5	VBZ	seeks	seek	4
the blue of the shield represents day with a typical cloud formation VBG weather , the NN being the 2nd NNP is on duty night and day , VBG and VBG the weather elements .	1	5	VBZ	represents	represent	4
the current redirect , NNP reynolds , is a NN and should be deleted .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
according to these editors , any edit they personally disagree with is `` edit warring '' and `` gaming the system '' .	6	11	VBZ	is	are	5
the control cities for NNP generally are wisconsin or milwaukee to the north and west , chicago or chicago loop for those heading to the central portion , and indiana to the south and east .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the overall commander of the space legion is general NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
NNP 's other work of this year , an NNP NNP , is the life of christ told in verse form .	3	12	VBZ	is	are	9
a JJ demo of the curious village is available on its official website .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the belief that NNS are more accurate due to their design is partially due to the NN fact that the NNP requires a good NN match .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
the normal route to the summit starts from the heights of st .	2	6	VBZ	starts	start	4
notable courses that have hosted the event are NNP , lake las vegas resort , NNP creek and in los NNP .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
any which way , though , it counts .	2	7	VBZ	counts	count	5
the JJ structures of these two proteins are almost JJ , with the only difference being the additional JJ repeat in NNP .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
permanent NNS of magnetic NNS are usually out of rare earth materials , like NN and can reach field NNS VBG 1 .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the most commonly used chronicle , because it gives a lot of geographical and JJ details , is the one written by NNP NNP in the 16th century .	4	8	VBZ	gives	give	4
the article , as it stands , is original research and synthesis .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
NNP , our article on NN currently just redirects to VB .	3	8	VBZ	redirects	redirect	5
the back of the track , turns 7 to 13 NN , is known as NNP drive .	1	6	VBZ	turns	turn	5
this unusual type of citizenship by descent is an intermediate form of citizenship in that it does not grant the full portfolio of rights enjoyed by indian citizens .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the reason why NNS of pr want this picture in the NN is a transparent emotional NN , RB to VB NN and direct NN towards a living person .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
the NNP inscription of NNP ii is an JJ record VBG a NN to the buddhist establishment at NNP in the reign of king NNP ii ( circa ce NNP ) .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
where part of a property is to be empty for a short time , a JJ form of empty relief exists for that empty part .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
i am not sure what their problem with david NNP is , but it lead to the NNP NNP NNP page being protected because of their edit war .	6	10	VBZ	is	are	4
VBG aside , i 've been working on the great phil NNP 's page since october last year and after two peer reviews and several NNS from users such as NNP , i think it 's ready for this .	22	33	VBP	think	thinks	11
the benefit of many such food rescue programs is they offer healthy food to those in need , but who may not meet the application requirements of state NN programs .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
also featured is a four month old baby named NNP , who frequently strips naked , though this is likely because she does not understand what she is doing , and is not really out of control .	7	18	VBZ	is	are	11
regardless of what VBG pattern the called party NNS , the calling party VBZ the standard NN pattern .	4	13	VBZ	hears	hear	9
delete vote , so here it is again .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
they wrote that women , due to their structural places in society , have different models of reality .	3	13	VBP	have	has	10
the las vegas NNP , in a feature story and review of the book , wrote , `` the picture ( NNP ) NNS of the metropolitan police department in the book is not a VBG one .	19	32	VBZ	is	are	13
the developments of the following decade were not JJ for the carnival ; the continuous wars and conflicts ( NNP wars , world war i , asia minor campaign ) send the men in the war front and brought economic crisis and NN to the city .	15	30	VBP	send	sends	15
a fixed shooter , the game bears no resemblance to the arcade game NNP .	2	6	VBZ	bears	bear	4
people from remote areas often visit it in order to purchase goods .	0	5	VBP	visit	visits	5
another example of why all 1911 articles need professional attention and why VBG them into wikipedia is n't very helpful .	1	16	VBZ	is	are	15
registration of a NNP gives its owner and the JJ users the exclusive right to use the NNS on the good in which it is registered .	0	4	VBZ	gives	give	4
the ongoing cost is minimal due to low maintenance equipment with low power consumption - some stations in remote areas even use solar power .	16	21	VBP	use	uses	5
arsenal station on NNP road is within five minutes walk of the southern end of NNP road .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the proposed JJ site for new NN airport in the NNP district is in NNP and the nearby NNP .	3	12	VBZ	is	are	9
the fact that he has won opening NNS for a number of stars indicates that NNP must have a fairly good reputation .	1	13	VBZ	indicates	indicate	12
obviously , but the nature of the general wikipedia editor corps means this will be RB ignored .	4	11	VBZ	means	mean	7
kay NNP book `` death of a town '' ( 1954 ) begins in NNP and describes the time of the earthquake .	2	12	VBZ	begins	begin	10
in common with the continental NNP culture , horse NNS and vehicle NNS were developed and links with the late NNP culture and NNP early c are apparent .	16	26	VBP	are	is	10
the degree of modification permitted is a function of the started task program and the limits of the environment .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
a NN published for the hotel describes it as the following .	1	6	VBZ	describes	describe	5
this loss , combined with her desire to sell off a piece of property that includes the living quarters of her JJ mother , ends up sending her on a journey of emotional and spiritual transformation .	1	24	VBZ	ends	end	23
nearly half of the great retreat page appears to be concerned with the actual NNP battle itself .	1	7	VBZ	appears	appear	6
the representations of a line and a curve as marks on a piece of paper or as NNS on a computer screen have a positive width .	1	22	VBP	have	has	21
a JJ horse , usually called `` NNP '' in JJ literature , appears on the reverse with the name NNP .	2	13	VBZ	appears	appear	11
because the shells of sea snails are strong and JJ in many cases , as a group they are well represented in the fossil record .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the surfaces of stone tools are often the subject of much attention .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
a version of this tale survives only in NNP saga NNP in which the NNP are two JJ kings of sweden and NNP is their champion .	1	5	VBZ	survives	survive	4
plant models and JJ organic forms are easy to define , as by increasing the NN level the form slowly VBZ ' and becomes more complex .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
the JJ or JJ surface of the skull has structures for the NN of muscles that would have held the head above the body .	4	8	VBZ	has	have	4
a JJ catalog of the entire NNP series is currently in production .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
in fact , the JJ team ' section of the site is about the NNP national team !	7	11	VBZ	is	are	4
and thanks to NNP , we also have a model example of a JJ fac collaboration .	1	7	VBP	have	has	6
of all the countries , the countries of NNP and pennsylvania are the strongest .	6	11	VBP	are	is	5
NNP VBZ that this kind of JJ learning `` relies RB on NNS ' tendency to identify with adults , and on their ability to distinguish in the actions of others the underlying goal and the different means that might be used to achieve it .	4	9	VBZ	relies	rely	5
professionals who work in this field are often members of NNP .	0	6	VBP	are	is	6
no trace of the castle remains , and the site is occupied by a park .	1	5	VBZ	remains	remain	4
being part of this project is itself something to be proud of .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the history of the institution dates to november 1899 when the new government authorized the establishment of a public secondary school in NNP modeled after the american school system .	1	5	VBZ	dates	date	4
his family , originally from connecticut , is of irish descent .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
months after NNP 's death , a young man , NNP NNP , enters the lives of the shah family , introduces himself , and offers to VB and restore shah industries without any compensation .	8	13	VBZ	enters	enter	5
the only reason i have a lot of edits for my time here is because i spend like 10 hours a day at this place .	2	13	VBZ	is	are	11
rowing boats , NNS and other necessary equipment are stored at the NNS and it is on that and other reaches of the river that training for the annual head of the river rowing competition takes place .	25	35	VBZ	takes	take	10
a JJ slogan the NNP also uses , in reference to its intended NNS , points out about them , `` [ they 're ] not asking for a NN , just a hand .	2	15	VBZ	points	point	13
the full list of NNP reports is at [ 4 ] .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
VBN support - the fact that sir NNP has considered the subject JJ and withdrawn from NN is a serious concern .	4	17	VBZ	is	are	13
the NNS worn by parade staff still bear the original classic parade logo , this being the only place where that logo can be found .	1	7	VBP	bear	bears	6
however , all the branches of the family preserve the tradition that the name was originally NNP or NNP NNP , a NNP surname ) .	4	8	VBP	preserve	preserves	4
the three sisters , NNP , NNP and NNP , louise and her friend , joan NNP , RB suggest the JJ representations of morgan le NNP in NNP legend .	2	19	VBP	suggest	suggests	17
the basis for each inclusion on this article is opinion , and the title is written in NN .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the american philosopher michael NNP argues , `` the very fact that a species is near extinction implies that its final demise will have JJ impact .	10	17	VBZ	implies	imply	7
thus , for the NNP NNP , the minimum number of votes required is CD , being NNS of its CD members .	9	13	VBZ	is	are	4
however , the JJ religion of ethnic french outside of france , for example in quebec , remains to this day roman catholicism ( [ 8 ] ) and according to statistics ( NN .	4	17	VBZ	remains	remain	13
a further part of NNP NNP practice is development of feeling connections between one part of the body and another .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the region of the NNP represents an extremely important area with respect to ancient population migration and expansion , and the spread of the NNP , NNP , JJ and NNP languages , as well as the extinction of the local NNP languages .	1	5	VBZ	represents	represent	4
his son , NNP ( NNP di NNP ) tries to free him by setting off NNS where he was working .	1	9	VBZ	tries	try	8
NNP argued that JJ drives ( id ) , moral and value NNS ( NN ) , and requirements of external reality all make demands upon an individual .	18	23	VBP	make	makes	5
vote for one or two of the three quotes ( depending on whether the length of the article supports that level of balance ) and move on .	14	18	VBZ	supports	support	4
as a JJ leader and NN , charles writes the sacred texts of the order , and is subsequently accused of NN by the christian church and attacked .	3	8	VBZ	writes	write	5
delete , official visits by heads of state are routine and highly staged events .	3	8	VBP	are	is	5
the portion of us 22 between NNP and NNP roughly follows the alignment of the jersey NNP , which was chartered in 1806 .	1	10	VBZ	follows	follow	9
the subject of this article is the ( international ) response to the incident , which goes beyond NNS , even if the article is mostly made of that at the moment .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
other materials such as wheat and JJ require high amounts of pressure to produce heat .	1	7	VBP	require	requires	6
the mission of florida sea grant , which is headquartered at the university of florida in NNP , florida , is to help create a sustainable coastal economy and environment through research , education , and extension .	1	20	VBZ	is	are	19
most NNS in this category are historical ; the only money in use on the korean peninsula today is in the form of north korean won and south korean won .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
trees in the garden include NNP NNS , NNP NN , NN NN , NN .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
it has also been described as belonging to the genus NNP , which contains several NNS in the genus NNP that share characteristics , such as a larger bill and a patch of yellow under the bend of the wing , that other members of the genus do not .	22	47	VBP	do	does	25
a variant spelling of the irish NNP is NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the majority of the remaining land is VB with about of NN .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the first mention of NNP park is when general sir james murray is shown on local records as paying rates on some woodland .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
when the story of the television show begins , famous u .	2	7	VBZ	begins	begin	5
chronic JJ JJ disease ( NNP ) caused by smoking , is a permanent , JJ ( often terminal ) reduction of JJ capacity VBN by NN of NN , VBG , persistent NN with NN , and damage to the NNS , including NN and chronic NN .	3	11	VBZ	is	are	8
this major claim from `` the editors '' is JJ and misleading .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the sport of base jumping VBZ when NNS become more and more JJ turning VBG into a JJ sport .	1	5	VBZ	progresses	progress	4
so even before getting to the NN paragraph , the very topic of this article is JJ .	11	15	VBZ	is	are	4
the forms NNP , NNP , NNP , and NNP are particularly common within the NNP region of the NNP .	1	10	VBP	are	is	9
the clear NN to the reader is that that criminal activity and conservative NNS have a connection .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the idea of the solution is to move the king to advance on both NNS at the same time using specific properties of the chess geometry .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the third outfit , the NN suit , allows mickey and NNP can climb vertical walls as well as VBG from special kinds of circle blocks .	2	8	VBZ	allows	allow	6
there was no time or money for NN , story development , or more than one or two takes per scene .	10	18	VBZ	takes	take	8
the reason why they have not deleted the profile nicole NNP is because they have not thought of anything good to use as an excuse to delete it .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
a now widely VBN photo of NNP , hosted by the webb campaign , shows NNP 's hair to be longer in the middle and VBD on the sides , typical of a NN .	4	14	VBZ	shows	show	10
the main threat to the NN is NN activities due to human development for agriculture , plantation , and commercial logging .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the only buildings remaining in these areas are the convention center and parking garage .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
towns of the NNP are NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , and NNP .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
injuries caused by wolves on JJ livestock include VBN ears and NNS , and NN wounds to the lower legs .	0	7	VBP	include	includes	7
the difference here is that the majority of this page is prose information , not list information ) .	6	10	VBZ	is	are	4
the front side design of the coin is as old as five centuries .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the name of the village appears in several NNS as NNP dating back to CD .	1	5	VBZ	appears	appear	4
the percentage of pupils eligible for free school NNS is also broadly average .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the key difference from the uk , however , is that apparently in the uk , capital gains are VBN at a higher rate than other forms of income .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the payment of professionals in an essentially amateur club is a RB JJ issue , but the engagement of professionals at NNP cricket club has a long history .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
now , the NN for locked in answers is blue .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
NNP 's fourth album , once upon a time , is currently in production .	3	10	VBZ	is	are	7
a faithful reproduction of the eu flag is not JJ in itself .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the window above the door has two lights ; all the other windows on the front have three .	1	5	VBZ	has	have	4
the lower heating value of natural gas is normally about 90 percent of its higher heating NN .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
an interesting twist on the classic RB conspiracy ' story is that , rather than fairy NNS being ancient NNS of NNP NNS , the NNP stories are presented as modern NNS of fairy NNS .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
the acoustic NN ( or VB NN , NN NN , or JJ NN ) is an JJ muscle NN that occurs in the middle ear of mammals in response to JJ sound NN .	2	15	VBZ	is	are	13
the NN protein ( NNP ) for NNP contains CD amino acids .	2	8	VBZ	contains	contain	6
the next step in the learning to read process is the JJ reading stage also known as selective association .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
i think a year and a half is more than enough for userspace NN .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
this type of NN is generally available only when the value of the property is less than the debt ( `` under water '' ) .	10	14	VBZ	is	are	4
if there is a fixed voltage source from , for example , a dc JJ device in the signal path , a NN is just the equivalent of a NN of NNS .	15	23	VBZ	is	are	8
tracks such as `` cabinet '' have JJ NNS .	0	6	VBP	have	has	6
the only way to develop petroleum resources underground is through in JJ production techniques .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the references section , if properly present , provides a list of links , but not necessarily a list of NNP .	2	8	VBZ	provides	provide	6
another game for the nintendo NNP is fun fun NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
but the center of each of these JJ NN is the JJ .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
several companies , including NNP , run both NNP power cables [ 6 ] and telecommunications cables [ 7 ] as far as NNP .	1	6	VBP	run	runs	5
i would like to know whether or not the parents of canadian actor michael fox still live in canada and if they indeed are alive .	9	16	VBP	live	lives	7
some claim it is probably entirely fiction , others that the details in the text show a NN with the times that would be difficult to completely VB .	11	15	VBP	show	shows	4
all models except the k NNS additionally support intel NNP , intel NNP and NN .	1	7	VBP	support	supports	6
NNP 33 's control cities at this point are NNP to the west and fox lake to the east .	4	8	VBP	are	is	4
the NNP NNP and NNP NNP temple built by NNP are in the village of which the NNS and colors of NNP NNP are worth seeing .	17	23	VBP	are	is	6
but the mean of the NN is not always equal to the mean of the sample .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the entire concept of the station is NN , mobility , and NN .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
NNS between the NN and receiver are dynamic , JJ , JJ , and NN .	0	6	VBP	are	is	6
history shows that representatives of consecutive evolutionary stages are rarely in JJ conflict .	3	8	VBP	are	is	5
a feature of the village is the NN of the parish church , which was erected around 1838 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
his signature line , upon VBG bad art , is `` it VBZ !	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
his role on the field is defender .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the purpose of an afd is to allow time for sources to be found .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the centre of the village is a conservation area .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the discovery of NNS bearing NNP 's name together with NNS of NNP at NNP suggests that NNP conducted the burial of NNP and was his direct successor .	1	15	VBZ	suggests	suggest	14
the highlight of the celebration is the street dancing or NNP NNP where different schools compete in the beat of JJ music and the participants VBN in costumes decorated with materials from NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
cancer treatments in long-term survivors who are children usually cause a series of negative effects on physical well being , NN , NN , and learning .	1	9	VBP	cause	causes	8
crops grown in this area are mostly NNS , NNS and NNS ; soft fruits are also grown and the village is alive in the summer months with farmers gathering their crops and preparing them for transport to the NNS .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
a significant element of his contribution to marketing thinking is his NN upon an JJ approach , attracting the interest of scientists from other fields and NN from other disciplines such as psychology , philosophy and anthropology .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
taking part in the many NNP training exercises in germany .	1	7	VBZ	exercises	exercise	6
i noticed that many new users and especially ip addresses lack a formal welcome message into wikipedia .	5	10	VBP	lack	lacks	5
numerous other details in the book of mormon indicate principal lands that are quite VBN .	2	8	VBP	indicate	indicates	6
the second half of the material is the JJ NN for an electromagnetic field .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the administrative center ( NN ) is the town of NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the village is built primarily on a NN ; the southwestern portion of the village ( around route NNP ) is on the highest ground , while a series of side streets run NN from route CD heading northeast .	11	20	VBZ	is	are	9
the main tributary of the lake NNP is the NNP , which , in turn , flows out of lake NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
most larger villages - 300 people or more - have a village chief , called a NNP , who is assisted by a group of NNS .	2	9	VBP	have	has	7
the NNP facilities , dinner hall and wing are in a separate building linked by a covered NN .	2	8	VBP	are	is	6
the guests and the hosts do their best to ignore her , leaving the audience to wonder if she has invaded the tv screen .	1	5	VBP	do	does	4
NNP library in NNP ( full name the central municipal public library named after anton NNP , ) is the oldest library in the south of russia .	6	18	VBZ	is	are	12
the painting on the first edition cover is by robert NNP .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
bus NNP route CD from NNS to NNP via NNP serves NNP with one journey in each direction on NNS .	2	10	VBZ	serves	serve	8
if the individual citizen or corporate citizen is a NN of the state ( e .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the NN to the JJ NN is an outstanding example of NNP decoration .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
in the sense that the person VBG actions based on stuff NN learned from reading things here is totally JJ for whatever happens .	5	17	VBZ	is	are	12
armed forces recreation centers ( NNP ) NN resort hotels are joint service facilities developed to provide vacation recreation opportunities to service members , their families , and other authorized NNS ( including official NNS ) of the total defense force .	1	10	VBP	are	is	9
people who are disruptive due to NN are unlikely to be JJ .	0	7	VBP	are	is	7
the terminus stations in NNP and NNP are extremely similar and consist of a rectangular hall of three NNS separated by two lines of NNS along the ends of the tracks and two wings at the ends of the main hall along the outer tracks .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
most peaks in the north are over above sea level ; the highest point in NNP is NNP NNP at , which has the distinction of being the highest JJ mountain in the world .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the advantage of the small claims process is that it is informal .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
comment - list of NNP software is an appropriate example showing how a large subset of this NNP phone data could be organized .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
in NNP ( and NNP ) , the set of all sets having n elements ( the NN here is only apparent ) exists .	8	19	VBZ	is	are	11
the application of aerial fire NNS creates an JJ appearance on land and water surfaces and has the potential to change soil chemistry .	1	6	VBZ	creates	create	5
one way you could understand it is via the complex numbers .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the site at which various sizes of particles are VBN is critical to an understanding of any aspect of their toxic action .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
the fact that there is software which operates it is irrelevant .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
a directory service , which allows users to VB with a user name and password , is a typical source of NN NNS ( i .	2	16	VBZ	is	are	14
selection for high JJ encounter rates explains the success of male and female NN types .	0	6	VBZ	explains	explain	6
in business , a pitch deck ( or slide deck ) is a NN presentation that VBZ the business idea and business model of a NN company .	5	11	VBZ	is	are	6
the wall near the well is much higher than elsewhere , appearing like an old JJ end .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
another member of the forum of young global leaders from turkey that we have in wikipedia is NNP NNP , an armenian of turkey .	1	16	VBZ	is	are	15
this older form of the dance features men and women in two separate lines , the men behind the women .	2	6	VBZ	features	feature	4
animals in this area include nigerian dwarf NNS , NNS , miniature NNS , NN , NNP NNS , NNP NNS , VBP fish , NN NNS , and JJ NNS .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
the NNP NNP states that the brothers of the fraternity are to VB no other thing than `` to cure the sick , and that NN .	3	10	VBP	are	is	7
in the third season , the episode `` NNP '' shows lieutenant NNP still alive , even though he died in `` NNP .	6	10	VBZ	shows	show	4
the common source of influence for these shared musical practices is likely to be found in the formal conventions of medieval JJ and religious irish gaelic JJ NN music .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
to ensure long-term NN , some JJ oil NNS , such as NNP , contain a JJ NN component .	8	14	VBP	contain	contains	6
examples of NN languages are JJ , NNP , chinese , and in some NNS NNP and NNP .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
tests in 2009 NNP in cooking oil , NNP JJ NNS are full of JJ NNS .	0	11	VBP	are	is	11
the information about the song missing is the very last line of the press release .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
home to millions of species , including humans , earth is the only place in the universe where life is known to exist .	0	10	VBZ	is	are	10
this claim , in which he does not detail what bus and car NN rates he is using , runs counter to estimates that a bus carrying 19 passengers uses less than a quarter of the energy per person than a typical car carrying one person .	25	29	VBZ	uses	use	4
the added benefit of the training runs , is that it made VBG more routine .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
support with NN and NN NNS as well as JJ NNS in case of infection during this period is crucial to allow the patient to recover .	0	18	VBZ	is	are	18
proposed deletion ( books ) is an extension of prod to reduce NNP NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
prior to the CD earthquake in NNP county , taiwan , little information was available for VBG ground motion that resulted from large ( greater than NNP ) thrust NNS , and whether the values seen in that event are NN remains JJ .	34	39	VBP	are	is	5
unfortunately , the structure of the NNS is unknown so far ; however , they may be similar to JJ NNS .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
an NN of NNP NNP and NNP NNP , NNP has corporate experience in industries ranging from manufacturing through NNS to it .	1	10	VBZ	has	have	9
the local wine , NNP NNP ( NNP di NN ) , is a light red , best drunk young .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
he then made NNS from forest plants and VBZ them in the sea so that the children of NNP soon lie in NNS on the shore .	16	20	VBP	lie	lie	4
other NNS asserted that the NNS of activists like NNP NNP NNP are part of vietnam 's VBG its policy with china 's current JJ stance in VBG all protest .	5	12	VBP	are	is	7
in the season 3 episode `` trials '' , NNP explains to the NNP her reason for returning to the warehouse .	4	10	VBZ	explains	explain	6
the song `` moses '' is about struggles with faith and NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
JJ species , such as NNS , NNS , cats , and NNS , are often RB referred to as JJ .	1	14	VBP	are	is	13
a sequence of a NN adjacent to a vowel is by default assumed to be read as a NN ( part of the same NN ) in spanish , whereas it is by default assumed to be read as a hiatus ( belonging to different NNS ) in portuguese .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
when an editor who is in a JJ situation is edit warring to keep certain links out of the article , it is hard to justify under our policies .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
NN outfit used for JJ NN includes a NN that covers the NN .	1	6	VBZ	includes	include	5
however , among well-known problems , i believe that the problem of the existence of odd perfect numbers goes back to NNP , making it fairly old .	10	18	VBZ	goes	go	8
delete - non-notable fan game , no assertion of notability , wikipedia is not a crystal ball , only CD NNS , unreferenced , verifiability problems .	4	12	VBZ	is	are	8
the NNP constellation first described by NNP consists of a pattern of five small yellow , green or orange circles , which is repeated across areas of the NN at different NNS .	2	7	VBZ	consists	consist	5
that fact that he choose to NN and failed to gain consensus and was promoted anyway seems off .	1	16	VBZ	seems	seem	15
the NN fluid in an automobile is a mixture of water and NN NN ( NN ) .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
their own name for their race is the NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
unclear redirect , no legitimate alternative targets as the link is a slang for `` my wife '' .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
students from VBG park high school 's tv station , NNP , operate the cameras for all NNP park football and soccer games .	0	12	VBP	operate	operates	12
an archived version of the band 's original website is available on the internet archive .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the editor who originally added it apparently did n't understand the purpose of `` ref name '' , just look at how long the `` name '' is !	19	27	VBZ	is	are	8
sometimes clubs , schools or other organizations participate as well as professional designers .	1	7	VBP	participate	participates	6
created in 1976 , the mission of the NNP unit is to provide skilled and specialized explosives detection support to protective efforts involving secret service NNS .	5	10	VBZ	is	are	5
the road from NNP to NNP runs over the pass .	1	6	VBZ	runs	run	5
judges and those involved in making the list are the members of the NNP hunt committee known as `` hot side hot .	0	8	VBP	are	is	8
stress in the spanish language is functional , meaning that the placement of stress helps to determine the meaning of a sentence or phrase .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
this difference , which occurs at position CD , causes a NN that results in the JJ NN of the translation and , thus , NN of the NN .	1	9	VBZ	causes	cause	8
national weather service or local NNP group , and are given a phone number , internet outlet , or amateur radio frequency to report to if a severe weather event , such as a tornado , severe NN , or flash flood occurs where the NN is located .	29	42	VBZ	occurs	occur	13
he passes in peace , and a priest , with the NNS , sends him on his way with a NN .	7	13	VBZ	sends	send	6
NN of NNP by NNP NNP begins ( continues until 1965 ) .	0	6	VBZ	begins	begin	6
people who are on the NN for a mate often start wearing clothes that are JJR .	0	10	VBP	start	starts	10
the longest words JJ by VBG left and right hands are NN and NNS respectively .	2	10	VBP	are	is	8
the rural conservative nature of the seat makes it a safe national seat , though this VBZ the fact that for six years it was held by a third party mp , social credit leader bruce NNP .	3	7	VBZ	makes	make	4
JJ attack in NNP , NNP kills 1 soldier and wounds 1 more .	1	6	VBZ	kills	kill	5
the main advantage of this approach , of course , is that it leaves the talk page VBD , whilst providing very accessible information to the user .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
deposits in the upper santa fe group come from drainage of the JJ rio grande and the NNS of that river .	0	7	VBP	come	comes	7
fair use in sex over the NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the one that gets me is the NN not VBG one .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
harrison ford 's character , richard walker , enters the blue NNP looking for NNP martin .	3	8	VBZ	enters	enter	5
in the first formula , one of the NNS may be extended by adding `` NN terms '' with zero NNS , so that the same set of powers formally appears in both NNS .	26	30	VBZ	appears	appear	4
one comment from one of the most famous NNS of all time is hardly JJ version basically say NN is not against men , NNS male allies and some hold gender role arguments whilst a few are against and blame men .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
known risks and JJ issues are discussed below , but JJ children receiving replacement NNS are at the lowest risk for problems .	11	15	VBP	are	is	4
by contrast , his later novels such as captain NNP and the special service , aunt julia and the NNP , the real life of NNP NNP , and the NNP ( el NN ) appear to follow a JJ mode of writing .	5	35	VBP	appear	appears	30
the plot of the game VBZ around low , his sister pepper , and any other survivors they can find , trying to rid the world of the mysterious and JJ `` creatures '' that are slowly taking over the planet .	1	5	VBZ	revolves	revolve	4
your lack of VBG blp is a serious problem and people have been blocked for JJ abuse in the area .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the outside area of the attraction is completely changed and JJ for each year as well .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
performers on the album include fellow do make say think members justin small , and dave mitchell , as well as frequent broken social scene contributors NNP NNP and julie NNP .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
most buildings on campus were influenced by american architecture , while the main gate , which was built in 1935 , is of traditional chinese style reflecting the university 's earlier status as the `` imperial polytechnic college '' .	13	21	VBZ	is	are	8
some examples of the 25 additional services include schools , health centres , roads , safe drinking water , child support services , places of worship , burial and NN grounds , post offices , fair price shops , and storage facilities .	1	7	VBP	include	includes	6
the rest of the municipality consists of islands to the west including NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , and NNP .	1	5	VBZ	consists	consist	4
second sentence of reception section needs to be JJ , it lists too many shows .	1	5	VBZ	needs	need	4
estimates for the face value of debt covered by cds contracts range from u .	0	11	VBP	range	ranges	11
the main entrance on 2nd street is in a VBN rounded arch in the center of the building .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the example of speed limits above is not JJ , because the npov rule is equivalent to a constitutional provision of the wikipedia , and it is not required to have a consensus to enforce the constitution when it is violated .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
i agree that all the content attached to the years is pov and has to go .	5	10	VBZ	is	are	5
here , a parody , called `` NNP '' ( NNP NNP ) ( a NN in NNP and NNP [ portuguese for NNP ] ) drives a subway .	3	26	VBZ	drives	drive	23
the closest city to the east is NNP , about away .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
it is proven fact that most JJ armies or forces led by NNP are either VBN out or suffer extremely high casualties ( even by NNP standards ) .	7	13	VBP	are	is	6
the trend since the mid-1990s is that german plantations of NNP decrease , just as the case for all other `` new breeds '' of white varieties , such as NNP and NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the traditional centre of the village is the area around st andrew 's church , which is a grade i listed building .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
many botanical articles are mixed latin and english - RB , the description of any new species has to be in latin .	12	17	VBZ	has	have	5
this is an article to inform others that the two heavy weight parties of our corrupt political system are not the only way out .	12	18	VBP	are	is	6
the toll bridge , which is operated by the delaware river and bay authority , is approximately two and JJ miles long , with the main span measuring 2 , 150 feet .	2	15	VBZ	is	are	13
his older sister , NNP NNP , still lives in NNP .	2	8	VBZ	lives	live	6
distribution maps of the united kingdom show the species to be common in scotland and present , but uncommon , throughout much of england and wales .	1	6	VBP	show	shows	5
NNS of NNP 's NN years of NNP 's reign are more specifically identified by more than one era name ( UH ) .	0	10	VBP	are	is	10
a somewhat different JJ version of the song appears on NNP 's next album , now titled `` NNP '' .	4	8	VBZ	appears	appear	4
the names of NNS and their english NNS generally follow those given by g .	1	9	VBP	follow	follows	8
the total length of this highway is CD km .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
it is revealed in `` talent night '' that the number on his shirt refers to his age , as written in binary notation , as it changes from `` CD '' to `` 10 '' at the end of the episode .	10	14	VBZ	refers	refer	4
the main effect of ball spin is to help control what the ball will do once it hits the ground after flight .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
french NN WRB vintage after manga cartoon NN 2007 NNP feature asserted that `` wine industry experts believe part of the manga 's appeal is that it teaches readers enough about wine to understand the drink and VB their friends , but does so in an JJ way '' .	18	24	VBZ	is	are	6
alternative versions of the game include claiming cards simply by VBG `` NNP '' .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
the taste of NN NN is a bit JJ NN of some NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the oldest recorded mention of the point dates to CD , and the number and identity of municipalities participating has varied , with eight being the largest number ; in 2009 , NNP merged back to NNP , bringing the number back to seven .	3	7	VBZ	dates	date	4
the difficulty with VBG cancer is that the cancer cells are very similar to the NN cells and you have to come up with a way to kill the cancer without killing the patient , which is very hard to do .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the current high commissioner from the united kingdom to new zealand is victoria NNP .	3	11	VBZ	is	are	8
other christian NNS , such as the church of jesus christ of JJ saints ( better known as NNP ) and NNP 's witnesses also have a place in the town and the city of santa ana .	2	25	VBP	have	has	23
one foot in the grave becomes one inch in the grave , lady NNP 's lover becomes lady NNP 's NNP and bring me the head of NNP garcia becomes bring me the hat of NNP garcia .	1	5	VBZ	becomes	become	4
any reflection , translation and rotation is a global NN on NNP spaces .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
which is what is most deeply concerning , and the core reason i think the one NN portion of this issue is NNP himself .	17	21	VBZ	is	are	4
the turn for the road to NNP in italy is in the middle of the settlement .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the length of the NNP block number is three or four NNS ; the terminal number may be up to seven NNS .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
there is some criticism of the NNP for not taking rain , storm speed , and other important factors into consideration , but NNP defenders say that part of the goal of NNP is to be JJ and simple to understand .	27	33	VBZ	is	are	6
the principal objective of the museum is to preserve this rich tradition , especially for the mexican people .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
these temple , though small height , are great artistic beauty and each of these with JJ background .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
other areas with significant NNS include the NNP and NNP NNP NN NN ( NNP ) .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
the trucks of a NN are metal JJ NNS , mounted to the underneath of the deck .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the JJ question , whether the almost complex structure implies the existence of a complex structure is much less trivial , and not true in general .	2	9	VBZ	implies	imply	7
outside of purely mathematical NNS , perhaps the greatest value of functional NN is the insight it provides into the structure of the world .	9	13	VBZ	is	are	4
the lack of NN here from the NNS side makes me somewhat VBP .	1	9	VBZ	makes	make	8
the length of the NNS is about 41 mm .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
a picture of the crown centre , in the picture has the copyright to it .	1	10	VBZ	has	have	9
both sides of the case have merits .	1	5	VBP	have	has	4
as part of the future force CD JJ announcement in july 2011 , NNP is to be developed into a major army base to host a JJ brigade .	8	14	VBZ	is	are	6
the NN `` o ' '' is very often dropped in the case of this surname , giving simply carroll , occasionally replaced with `` mac '' .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the following list of chief NNP of the united kingdom gives information regarding the chief rabbi of the mainstream majority orthodox NNP community of the united kingdom , and various other orthodox communities located within the commonwealth of nations .	2	10	VBZ	gives	give	8
special types of JJ NNS are JJ projection and cabinet projection .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
in computer science , JJ search ( NNP ) is a tree search algorithm used for VBG or searching a JJ tree , tree structure , or graph .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
this means that william 's father was a previously JJ count raymond of NNP , but his relationship to the previous documented count , raymond NNP , remains a matter of debate , with several competing theories being proposed .	17	27	VBZ	remains	remain	10
some neighborhoods , such as NNP heights and NNP heights , are atop the hill , at times giving scenic views of the city .	1	11	VBP	are	is	10
the winners of each division automatically earn a playoff spot and a home game in their first rounds , and the two top NN winners from each conference will also make the playoffs as JJ teams .	1	6	VBP	earn	earns	5
the wikipedia benefits most if you let him add content to the best of his ability and then VB it up .	2	6	VBP	let	lets	4
other venues for the NNP are the NNP NNP NNP , NNP VBZ NNP , and the NNP NNP .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
much competition in the airline industry VBZ around ticket sales ( also known as `` seat NN '' ) strategies ( revenue management , variable NN , and NN ) .	1	6	VBZ	revolves	revolve	5
the history of rugby union matches between france and scotland dates back to 1910 when the two teams played against each other in edinburgh .	1	10	VBZ	dates	date	9
the NNP branch in NNP county is currently the chain 's second highest performing store ( behind 5th ave .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
but his notable roles as a villain are in the JJ philippine adaptation of NNP where he played the role of NNP NNP and NNP NNP where he played the role of NNP montreal .	3	7	VBP	are	is	4
slang words among NNS from rio de janeiro include NN !	1	8	VBP	include	includes	7
the pressure of this area is lower and so the wing is VBN NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP christianity is not just a word ( for a dictionary ) , it is a concept ( for an encyclopedia ) .	6	14	VBZ	is	are	8
the time limit in the game is JJ , and the player can kill NNS , crash into opponents , or do tricks to gain time as well .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
a number of important NNS in early group theory is due to NNP .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
two areas of NN that are known to be involved in NN NN are JJ NNP ( NNP et al .	1	13	VBP	are	is	12
the cost is slightly higher operating costs VBN when the extra car of a pair is not necessary for the level of service .	11	15	VBZ	is	are	4
a charity center founded in 1984 contains a kindergarten , a training center for VBG and helps JJ students that are financially unable to enter college , attend .	12	16	VBZ	helps	help	4
user NNP VBD that no reference on the article NNP is acceptable except NNP sources that to interpreted by NNP scholars and used by NNP users i .	5	10	VBZ	is	are	5
the administrative center of the NN is NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP stays with the wounded chris while the others start the 20 NN ( 12 mile ) NN to a NN .	1	9	VBP	start	starts	8
the part about the lake NNP one is in the source .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
drivers in these lists are as of april 17 , 2013 .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
characters in the metal gear video games wear NNS , including big boss and NNP snake .	0	7	VBP	wear	wears	7
the list of presidents of the government of the NNP consists of the heads of government for the autonomous local authority of the NNP , since the NNP revolution that installed the democratic third portuguese republic .	1	10	VBZ	consists	consist	9
another incident related to the deity of this temple is of a NNP saint ( NNP ) who lived in 7th century and composed NNS in praise of the lord .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
i looked at those examples , but the keys in those examples are all NNS of values used within the table , rather than NNS of the column titles .	8	12	VBP	are	is	4
before NNP left the company in 1889 , he created the principal comic roles in nine of the operas , and so the principal comedian parts in the operas are often referred to as the `` NNP '' roles .	25	29	VBP	are	is	4
people who are too easily VBN are the far bigger problem , with their constant NN about civility .	0	6	VBP	are	is	6
the related standard NNP over NNP defines how NNP may be used to transport NNP NN .	2	6	VBZ	defines	define	4
however , the truth of any one of these statements is always relative to the whole theory .	3	10	VBZ	is	are	7
the current article is such a hot mess , and of such JJ notability , that a merger to one place or the other is a reasonable idea .	17	24	VBZ	is	are	7
the article on german wikipedia contains several unused surface stations , or unused underground stations without traffic .	1	5	VBZ	contains	contain	4
oh , and the only thing i am willing to VB on this is time ) .	5	13	VBZ	is	are	8
an account of the 1966 california governor 's electoral campaign is central to the narrative .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
the 1994 edition , the current publication , contains a NN by irving howe .	2	8	VBZ	contains	contain	6
as a result , canadian photographs taken before january 1 , 1949 and not under crown copyright are in the public domain in canada .	5	17	VBP	are	is	12
roots and branches does , however , retain the NNP ' traditional roots , especially in their a NN rendering of man of constant NNP , and the album NN NNP NNP ( though the latter features an JJ electric guitar ) .	0	7	VBP	retain	retains	7
VBG `` edit this page '' on the afd log for today shows a proper entry , which seemingly has been done wrong .	4	12	VBZ	shows	show	8
a portrait of van NNP 's NN , NNP NNP van NNP , painted in 1842 by henry NNP VBZ above the NN .	1	19	VBZ	hangs	hang	18
moreover , the JJ NNS in the heart , like those in the NNS , indicate that , following the JJ circulation , the blood goes out to all parts of the body through the NNS and returns by way of the NNS .	4	15	VBP	indicate	indicates	11
a recent experiment at the university of california at berkeley found that individuals with a combination of low NN and low JJ control are more likely to exhibit JJ NN responses while viewing NN VBD images .	12	23	VBP	are	is	11
it will be recognized that the leg containing the normal cargo open switch in figure CD constitutes the middle horizontal leg of an JJ .	6	16	VBZ	constitutes	constitute	10
these continental islands which are part of the great barrier reef marine park are NNP island national park , brook islands national park and family islands national park .	2	13	VBP	are	is	11
anna article that focuses more on the JJ phenomenon , and largely gets rid of the part about donated hair and such .	1	12	VBZ	gets	get	11
please note that direct links to the NNP website are not available at this time .	4	9	VBP	are	is	5
the main compounds responsible for its JJ effects are JJ and NN .	2	8	VBP	are	is	6
NNS , VBG tax and the NN of financial products in general is an RB complicated subject , and NNS as a general matter almost always seek the assistance of a NN adviser to assist them in these matters .	3	12	VBZ	is	are	9
no objection to NN if he either NNS to a pro side or plays full NNS ( either of which seems possible ) .	1	20	VBZ	seems	seem	19
deletion by government command is censorship [ .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
the company 's solution for the cutting stock problem is responsible for savings equivalent to 0 .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
in north american digital terrestrial television broadcasting , a distributed transmission system ( NNP or NNP ) is a form of NN network in which a single broadcast signal is fed via NN , NN , or communications satellite to multiple VBN terrestrial radio transmitter sites .	11	17	VBZ	is	are	6
interchange between the NNP international branch and NNP trains via NNP is possible although the platforms are widely separated and at different levels .	0	11	VBZ	is	are	11
the shape of the NNP is a RB a NN feature .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
his most important work on that shape depicts a JJ couple in a NN .	3	7	VBZ	depicts	depict	4
history articles lacking verifiable sources are inherently JJ , and this one additionally lacks any apparent notability whatsoever or verifiable sources .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the problems faced by NNS range over a wide spectrum of issues which are unique to countries in the region .	1	5	VBP	range	ranges	4
the removal of non free images from articles is certainly not a minority viewpoint and it certainly shall not be treated as vandalism by you or anybody else .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the second NN of the NN legs has a fine NN for VBG , typical for NNS .	2	7	VBZ	has	have	5
the basic rule of our operation is consensus , which is itself an interpretation of NNP , and means we can do whatever we want to do if we agree on it .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
of these 3 , 600 species , 44 are protected , CD are NNS , 79 NNS , CD NNS , CD NNS , CD fin NNS , CD NNS and 17 NNS .	5	12	VBP	are	is	7
the purpose of the show is to find the best of the best hindi television stars , who will be crowned as mr .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the forests of quebec run wild area are mostly third growth mixed JJ type .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
a VBG community of JJ still exists in both NNP and NNP .	2	6	VBZ	exists	exist	4
the article for illinois wine provides an overview of the industry .	1	5	VBZ	provides	provide	4
august 11 , 1995 ) , once an JJ communist and poland 's ambassador to the united states , is best known for having VBN at the height of the NNP crisis in 1981 .	13	19	VBZ	is	are	6
this traditional dance , which takes place the day before the start of catholic NN ( fat tuesday ) , starts with singing and ends with a linked sword dance of five male dancers who perform simple NNS while passing over or under a single wooden sword .	2	20	VBZ	starts	start	18
the `` doc comments '' format used by NNP is the de facto industry standard for VBG java classes .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
the major NN with these methods is the considerable NN , but that is probably not to be avoided with such NNS .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the only way to avoid the found new hardware wizard from VBG up on is by VBG a NNP certified driver before the device is VBN in .	2	14	VBZ	is	are	12
the man known as NNP is RB the most powerful of NNP NNP 's big four , powerful enough to easily crush any of his boss ' enemies with little effort .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
sales for JJ and 2000 are unknown , although a reasonable guess is about 500 , 000 total .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
travel benefits and insurance programs were the driving forces behind membership then as they are today .	8	14	VBP	are	is	6
the works that have survived are in treatise form and were not , for the most part , intended for widespread publication , as they are generally thought to be lecture aids for his students .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
return to the planet of the NNP is a short-lived animated series , by NNP enterprises in association with 20th century fox television , based upon planet of the NNP by pierre NNP .	0	7	VBZ	is	are	7
murder by the book is a NNP NNP detective novel by rex NNP published in 1951 by the viking press , and collected in the JJ volume royal NNP ( 1965 ) .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
delete from what i know and have been able to find , he is a leading expert in his field ; the work of his agency is notable ; but there is a lack of reliable sources to establish his personal notability to justify an article .	22	26	VBZ	is	are	4
certain characters in a game definitely are notable because they have become known beyond the game itself , have been mentioned in stories or other fiction , etc .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
modern day NNS of the theory include jeff NNP of the dollar NNP , simon black of sovereign man , andrew henderson of NNP NNP , steve NNP , and others .	2	6	VBP	include	includes	4
one day , a woman by the name of NNP accidentally opens the box containing all the demons , releasing them all from their imprisonment , VBG the NNS and VBG human race to extinction at the hands of the NN .	4	11	VBZ	opens	open	7
a common application of this effect is addition of a JJ carbon ( e .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
i VBP with that NNP 's findings , and all accounts here are also indefinitely blocked .	6	12	VBP	are	is	6
in the summer , the NN on the east side of the canal has a cycling path .	5	13	VBZ	has	have	8
the russian basketball league system or russian basketball league pyramid , is a series of JJ competitions for professional basketball clubs in russia .	4	11	VBZ	is	are	7
the goal of this NN scheme is to VB traffic NN within the lanes .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
NNP juice in the stomach starts protein NN .	1	5	VBZ	starts	start	4
NNP ' most significant contributions to social psychology are her NNS of the NN ( NNP , 1977 ) , the NN is a cognitive representation that VBZ knowledge about the self and guides processing of JJ information .	4	8	VBP	are	is	4
the mascot of the school is chris the cardinal .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the first part of your question ( who thought it was a good idea ) is too hard for me .	2	15	VBZ	is	are	13
research of NNS in different cities of azerbaijan showed that the NNS constructed in the JJ centuries have JJ solution both in JJ structure and construction methods .	11	17	VBP	have	has	6
first , the JJ binding NN of the NN NN depends on the dna sequence .	5	10	VBZ	depends	depend	5
once a largely agricultural country , the twin NNS of costa rica 's current economy are technology and NN .	8	15	VBP	are	is	7
however , no matter how JJ he is , civility for the sake of civility remains and will always be JJ .	3	15	VBZ	remains	remain	12
the population ( 2000 census ) is 11 , CD of which 4 , CD live in the small town of NNP itself ( with the remainder in surrounding countryside ) .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
other JJ effects of journal therapy include the expression of feelings , which can lead to greater NN and acceptance and can in turn allow the writer to create a relationship with his or herself .	2	6	VBP	include	includes	4
a major inspiration for the game is the NNP NNP card game .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
wine produced from the grape has a characteristic dark NN and light NNS taste .	0	5	VBZ	has	have	5
now , the only way for someone to edit is to have an account - and the only people who have accounts are the people for whom you create them using the NNP account !	18	22	VBP	are	is	4
local musicians who have played for him include alex NNP , jay jay ( singer guitarist ) , NNP , ricky , NNP NNP , michael NNP , mac NNP and jenny NNP .	1	7	VBP	include	includes	6
forms of JJ NN differ widely between christian groups .	0	4	VBP	differ	differs	4
the ultimate goal of patrick jane in his cooperation with the NNP is to track down the killer known as `` red john , '' who was responsible for the JJ murders of his wife and daughter .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
another member of this family , NNP , is approximately 16 NN away .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the image of JJ , dirty NNS sometimes associated with the vikings in popular culture is a JJ picture of reality .	1	15	VBZ	is	are	14
during easter NNP , the sunday before and after , buses and some NNS to NNS are free but JJ stops are cancelled unless they are high passengers NN , JJ stops , or if there is another NN ( some unique track routes keep all stops ) .	10	16	VBP	are	is	6
comment - the japanese version seems to have more sources than the english version .	0	5	VBZ	seems	seem	5
the main frequent airlines of the airport are , NNP bangladesh airlines , united airways ( NNP ) ltd .	3	7	VBP	are	is	4
examples of automated means are internet sites .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
some changes early in driver life are JJ ( such as a reduction in NNP accompanied by a rise in NNP ) and result in minimal net changes ( small NNS of a NN ) in frequency response .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
anniversary ( NNP video game ) though this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
the drama , which started on january 29 , includes NNP NNP long , lee NNP , and NNP NNP di .	1	9	VBZ	includes	include	8
the committee , like its national body , promotes agriculture as an industry to strengthen the state economy via its `` flow on '' effect .	1	8	VBZ	promotes	promote	7
the rocky shallow areas of the bay are also a protected area .	3	7	VBP	are	is	4
rising sun 's conflict with the younger heroes , the super young team , continues .	3	14	VBZ	continues	continue	11
students in the city attend JJ junior high and NNP high school in NNP .	0	4	VBP	attend	attends	4
keep , stamps issued by a national body are a real sign of notability .	2	8	VBP	are	is	6
but it 's still a bit surprising to me that this works , previously i would have thought that you would need to use a NN with the NN disabled to make JJ water which will VB RB when you VBP it .	5	11	VBZ	works	work	6
book 4 ) , although his role in the actual novel is rather JJ .	6	11	VBZ	is	are	5
the banks of this stream are generally high the current is JJ the bottom of the stream is generally rocky .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
recent generations of NNP chips contain an integral NN counter , and the memory control NN can either use this counter or provide a row address from an external counter .	1	5	VBP	contain	contains	4
italian NN in NNS and NNS , in whom NNP recognizes NNP .	1	10	VBZ	recognizes	recognize	9
his later works , especially his novel NNP NNP ( 1961 ) , are RB JJ .	2	13	VBP	are	is	11
his song `` sweet victory '' is most famous for being sung at the end of the NNP NNP episode band NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the documentary portion of the film follows tim alexander as he goes around getting feedback , opinions and commentary from JJ african-american men and women in various cities across the united states about the challenges they deal with in their marriages and dating relationships .	2	6	VBZ	follows	follow	4
the primary NNS of the building face the east toward NNP street and north toward third street .	2	6	VBP	face	faces	4
this type of NNP experiment is best known by its NN , NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the other games listed in that section are via external links and should be deleted or turned into articles .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
thus the process of inclusion within the list is by no means trivial .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
different classes who can use the same weapons attack differently with them .	1	8	VBP	attack	attacks	7
the lawsuit filed on NNP 's behalf says police held him for longer than the 14 days the law allows , from february 13 , 2007 to february 27 , 2007 , in addition to VBG him to abusive NN techniques , and not letting him VB legal advice .	1	7	VBZ	says	say	6
the center piece of this project is NNP NNP , the worlds second after NNP NN of queensland .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the president of the NNP is NNP NNP NNP , who is of roma ethnicity .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the anthony NNP structure , the angel of the north ( the largest free standing sculpture in the united kingdom ) is within NNP .	3	21	VBZ	is	are	18
this improvement in the NN 's private property is an important NN of this program , both for the individual families and for the larger goal of community development .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
NNP is a village in NNP district of NNP province , turkey , where the capital city of NNP district is actually a part of greater NNP .	16	20	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP in tibetan , as in sanskrit VB the CD or NN of a flower ' , corresponding to NNP NNP , whose root POS ' ( hair ) is JJ .	23	29	VBZ	is	are	6
the isbn system for RB identifying books provides a typical example of the use of NNP .	2	7	VBZ	provides	provide	5
its administrative seat and largest town is NNP , which lies east of the regional capital NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the oldest centre in the community is , however , not the NN centre , but rather NNP , which had its first documentary mention in CD .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
a sample of a design that was deemed too expensive to NN ; his appearance is somewhat different from that of the others .	1	15	VBZ	is	are	14
the famous portrait , `` american woman and her political peers '' , commissioned by NNP NNP in 1893 , features frances NNP at the center , surrounded by a NN , american indian , JJ , and an NN .	2	20	VBZ	features	feature	18
the body of the egyptian NN is JJ and NN with a long tail .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the remaining southern half of the old NNP township is now south NNPS in NNP county .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
at the beginning of each age , NNP NNP VBZ the NNP NN ( or `` NNP NNP '' ) , the NNS of the magic NNP , to his students ( who are lesser NNS ) , who in turn NN NN in the teachings of the NNP .	22	33	VBP	are	is	11
the JJ press edition of the NN features ten internal paintings and cover art by NNP workshop artist christian NNP .	3	7	VBZ	features	feature	4
the fort at NNP NN belongs to 17th century was built on the banks of the NNP river .	1	5	VBZ	belongs	belong	4
NNP NNS on NN NN break down in every possible way .	1	5	VBP	break	breaks	4
the positive project suggested by NNP is a collective one , VBN in the experiences of people who work for a wage or are specifically denied the capacity to work for a wage ; this project can only be undertaken by those people themselves .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
volume NNP ( 1973 ) is on the study , teaching and writing of history .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
the NN NN , NNP NN , is a NN NN , the only species in the genus NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
a special branch of the program is the NNP designer , which allows design of integrated circuits .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
much emphasis is placed upon the importance of built space for VBG social practices ; the relationship between the built landscape and the social world is JJ , with both VBG the other .	16	25	VBZ	is	are	9
in the wild probably the most important NN enemy of NNP NN is an interesting NN NN , a member of the NNP , NNP NN .	8	12	VBZ	is	are	4
elements 57 to 71 belong to the NNS , while 89 to 103 are the NNS .	0	13	VBP	are	is	13
return to NNP '' is the sixth episode of the first season of the american television drama series NNP , which first aired on november 5 , 2006 on NNP in the united states .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
the group manages to force the elevator doors shut just before a gas explosion set off by the falling elevator reaches them .	13	20	VBZ	reaches	reach	7
a story in new york world reveals that the JJ german government had purchased excess NN from thomas NNP that could be used to make explosives for the war effort and VBD it to NNP for JJ production .	1	6	VBZ	reveals	reveal	5
delete with only one album to be released in the future and with the links to some JJ files of his music embedded in the text , this has all NNS of vanity and advertising .	0	28	VBZ	has	have	28
a parody of the NNP NNP , the NNP NNP is a JJ ghost from the revolutionary war who VBZ beyond the old NNP .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
the book , published by seal press in 2007 , features essays and poetry from poets such as patricia smith , NNP NNP , sarah jones , NNP NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP NNP , lynn NNP and michelle tea , among others .	1	10	VBZ	features	feature	9
members of this extensive class include the NN and NN NNS .	0	5	VBP	include	includes	5
RB deleting userspace material of inactive editors just makes them feel VBN when they return .	3	8	VBZ	makes	make	5
the primary role of the network is to research and NN tools for NNS and to engage in the policy making process .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
in both films the action begin with evidence of NN in a new york NN , which the character played by NNP begins to investigate , leading to his journey to a tropical island where most of the story takes place .	18	22	VBZ	begins	begin	4
the lengths of the common NN and internal JJ NNS bear an JJ proportion to each other , the internal NN NN being long when the common NN is short , and vice NN .	1	10	VBP	bear	bears	9
festivals of these temples are very famous .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
those , not lists of cases involving famous people , are the sort of lists that we as editors should be constructing for readers .	3	10	VBP	are	is	7
a screen of the NNS that the NNP NN snail produces under stress , to find if it possesses JJ properties , has VBN JJ properties .	1	10	VBZ	produces	produce	9
the climate of the city is hot and dry .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
iron production from the west and north NNS of sherman mine came from this JJ iron formation unit while JJ iron formations at the south and east NNS VBP the turtle lake formation .	21	28	VBP	compose	composes	7
the only way to travel between NNS is via invisible NNS which RB transport individuals or groups from one zone to another .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the level of primary and secondary education has improved since 1949 , but facilities for higher education remain somewhat inadequate .	13	17	VBP	remain	remains	4
the role of an admin reviewing NNS is to VB out the incorrect NNS , not to add to them .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
this last line , usually omitted on radio play , is itself a sample from NNP NNP 's 1950s `` recreation '' of a supposed NN NN by 1920s children 's radio presenter , `` uncle don '' .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
when the body is found , the face is VBN by its bloody wound ; the NN in antonio 's clothing leads people to believe that the prince has been murdered .	16	21	VBZ	leads	lead	5
veteran NNS and new NNS like johnny de leon , rod NNP , NNP de castro and vic NNP are some the NNS of the station .	1	19	VBP	are	is	18
other procedures used for diagnosis include growth NN disc tests ( NNP ) , direct and indirect NN NN tests , complement NN tests ( NNP ) , indirect NN test ( NNP ) , NNP and NNP .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
the second application of space NN currently in use is NNP or global NNP system .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
in VBN corn , NN NNS in the NN layer give the NNS a dark , JJ color .	5	10	VBP	give	gives	5
administrators , just like editors , are first and foremost people .	0	6	VBP	are	is	6
the gift of tennis balls also appears in shakespeare 's henry v ; the play and other versions of the story refer to a NN of tennis balls .	1	6	VBZ	appears	appear	5
students from throughout the intelligence community attend the college , and they include active duty and reserve military personnel from each of the services ( including the coast guard ) , NNP , and other federal civilian employees .	0	6	VBP	attend	attends	6
direct trains north to london still run , but trains running south now VBP at NNP .	9	13	VBP	terminate	terminates	4
most forms of NN , including social NN , NN , NNS , and narrative approaches , are instances of JJ NN .	1	17	VBP	are	is	16
it features a chinese tower in the centre , and a bridge from the tower provides the exit from the NN .	11	15	VBZ	provides	provide	4
i want to VB is that the same user that NN me , NNP , later he still do edition war ( the first diff i provided is later of my warning ) .	8	27	VBZ	is	are	19
list of elements by VBG point is now correct .	0	6	VBZ	is	are	6
for example the view of the NN mentioned in the guide for the NNP ( near the end of part one ) is similar to the matrix in that they VBP space and time and believed natural science to be directly dependent on god .	3	22	VBZ	is	are	19
no members of the NNP family have their own wp articles at this moment .	1	6	VBP	have	has	5
its name at its founding is st .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the passenger spaces of the ship are JJ .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
cars listed in the book are generally cars with a significantly higher speed than cars on the road .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
he now does bears post game coverage and commentary on NNP , fox chicago and appears weekly on fox chicago 's good day chicago .	8	15	VBZ	appears	appear	7
although an accurate signal strength meter can determine a JJ value for signal strength , in practice this portion of the NNP code is a JJ assessment , often made based on the s meter of the radio receiver at the location of signal reception .	18	23	VBZ	is	are	5
the base of the stem is JJ and surrounded by JJ white NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the towers of the cathedral are not the NNS , as they were destroyed in 1931 by an earthquake .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
for NNP , a success that does n't put NNS in the seats is no success at all .	4	13	VBZ	is	are	9
the construction of such models is due to NNP NNP ( 1934 ) .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the evidence for this relationship between NNS and NNS derives from NNS of nuclear JJ rna genes , JJ JJ rna genes , and JJ genes .	1	9	VBZ	derives	derive	8
a head of a native american is a recurring theme in the NN .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
another major influence on the field of cognitive science is NNP NNP .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the entrance to the pyramid is today flooded to a depth of 6 metres as a result of the waters from the NNP NN ( joseph 's canal ) canal , which flows around two sides of the site and passes within CD of the pyramid .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the camps for climate action are campaign NNS ( similar to peace camps ) that take place to draw attention to , and act as a base for direct action against , major carbon NNS , as well as to develop ways to create a JJ society .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
he died in NNP , where his house , NNP , is now a museum , devoted to his life and work .	7	11	VBZ	is	are	4
the official title of the head of the church is `` patriarch NNP of the house of NNP for NNP .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the symptoms and the treatment of an NN are largely the same as for the other NNP .	1	8	VBP	are	is	7
places of detention , as defined by the convention , are all places in which people are held against their will .	0	10	VBP	are	is	10
the central organ of NNP ( c ) is the JJ era , an english RB published from kolkata .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the album , released two years later in 2010 , features a version of NNP 's fix you .	1	10	VBZ	features	feature	9
the only thing that makes them JJ is the push sony did with them .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
a NN game whereby any player making par after having been in a NN on the hole wins points or money .	2	17	VBZ	wins	win	15
in his article entitled `` criticism and NNPS to the copenhagen interpretation of quantum theory , '' VBG the view of NNP that ( in NNP 's NN ) `` the wave function in configuration space VBZ the objective state of the electron .	32	36	VBZ	characterizes	characterize	4
this is because the financial responsibility for reasonable housing , food and other household expenses for the family , including the NN , falls entirely on the husband .	5	23	VBZ	falls	fall	18
fifth , a problem with an NN is that editors such as the first !	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the very last equation in the section NNP gives a NN between NN energy and equilibrium .	3	8	VBZ	gives	give	5
the earliest mention of the NN appears in a religious work dated CD , but covers only the letters NNP .	2	6	VBZ	appears	appear	4
opponents of the tax revolt argue that passing tax NNS via ballot measure leads to JJ policy making , in which voters are VBN to vote with the revolt by lower tax bills and without thinking about the budget problems caused by reduced NNS .	0	5	VBP	argue	argues	5
the end of the play involves NNP 's attempts to drag the NN away to VB it in the river .	1	5	VBZ	involves	involve	4
the purpose of preparing it is to create a common source to be used by all players within the scene .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
many NNS of the song sisters incorrectly attribute the performance to both lee and stevens , in fact both parts are sung by NNP using NN .	1	7	VBP	attribute	attributes	6
the overall part of the career section reads more like a lead , in fact it is more like a lead more than the one currently serving as the actual lead of the article .	2	7	VBZ	reads	read	5
NNP listeners ( who are known as `` red heads '' ) are JJ about classic rock and can be heard NN and at station events VBG `` red rocks '' as a tribute to their favorite station .	1	12	VBP	are	is	11
the first reference to the village , in CD , mentions one NNP , but a reference in CD mentions NNP and NNP , the latter village of west NNP being located about one mile to the north west .	2	10	VBZ	mentions	mention	8
the result of this process is the JJ album , grow up , set for release on september 11 , 2012 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
this website titled `` tropical freshwater fish '' is a space that is currently in the developing stages .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
one consequence of this hypothesis is that if it holds true , we can introduce a VBG chart such that the metric NN contains no terms of form NN NN , NN NN , or VB NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
a military officer reporting illegal or possibly illegal activity to another military officer is wholly different from a company executive threatening to sue for critical information on the company article .	2	13	VBZ	is	are	11
it is VBN fact that your advertisement in NNP NNP is a unique source of promoting products and sponsorship would be a good source in image building .	6	10	VBZ	is	are	4
the sentence containing this phrase is JJ , and should be split .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the mission of the NNP is to provide NN , guidance , and analysis products and services to support the daily public NN activities of the NNP and its customers , and to provide JJ support to other government agencies in emergency and special situations .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
while memorial services in memorial NNP are common , the NN has also hosted the NNS of many famous americans .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
i know it was 3 , CD almost constantly for over a year without having to add any salt , and like you said the only problem i have ever had is the ph slowly goes up and i just add a little acid every weekend .	26	31	VBZ	is	are	5
personal observations are VBN as original research , although the observations made in published sources are often okay .	10	15	VBP	are	is	5
it also means that as a city dominated by government NNS , much of its architecture tends to be JJ and functional .	6	16	VBZ	tends	tend	10
in accordance with the general principle of a NN , it is an act of the will and an authentic promise in which the reason for the NN is NN .	24	28	VBZ	is	are	4
the balance between action and story was also RB noted ; powers said that the first two sequences of the opening issue `` RB capture the spirit of the game '' .	17	24	VBP	capture	captures	7
as of the 2010 census , the population of the community is 5 , CD .	7	11	VBZ	is	are	4
preliminary research concerning the JJ functioning of the nervous system suggests that this speculation may have some support .	1	10	VBZ	suggests	suggest	9
the exact reason it was turned down remains in speculation .	2	7	VBZ	remains	remain	5
some angles of attack and some strikes have characteristic names .	1	7	VBP	have	has	6
as a JJ function the NN is the seventh scale degree of any JJ scale when the distance between it and the NN is a single NN .	17	23	VBZ	is	are	6
the ability of the NN to support such a large NN is dependent on the health of its root system and storage of NNS .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
NNP ranking of 1 , CD , CD , but the article is on the show , not the site .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
the modern world , in which NN has been replaced by what NNP calls NN , has at its core a conflict between JJ corporations and the government of the united states .	2	16	VBZ	has	have	14
in the second stage , JJ stage , the patient is JJ of walking without support , suffers VBP ( loss of muscle coordination ) and severe NNS .	6	10	VBZ	is	are	4
genres that have been associated with NNP are JJ metal , progressive metal , VB metal and NN .	0	7	VBP	are	is	7
the special powers of the NNP children give the game a definite NN NN .	2	7	VBP	give	gives	5
the NN NN football team of any sort is the high school football team of NNP high school .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
NN is called NN in indonesia , indonesian dishes such as , JJ NN , NN NN , NN , NN and some NNS , are often add NNS of NN as ingredients .	8	25	VBP	are	is	17
such people who are agents of violence include the feared george NNP .	1	7	VBP	include	includes	6
NNS of the species usually seek shelter and safety from predators within clusters of VBG NN .	0	5	VBP	seek	seeks	5
meanwhile the NNS , or NNS , usually have a plan to kill or VB the NNS in return for money .	2	8	VBP	have	has	6
NNP 's domestic work with political prisoners provides support for legal representation and assistance to activists in china .	3	7	VBZ	provides	provide	4
the forum they 're advertising has 11 members .	1	5	VBZ	has	have	4
other scholars like kenneth NNP and NNP NNP hold similar views .	1	8	VBP	hold	holds	7
the JJ threat against family members , however , makes me think that the person should be permanently banned .	2	9	VBZ	makes	make	7
a small museum , the NNP nature center , displays some of the forest 's natural features .	2	9	VBZ	displays	display	7
JJ receptor 4 also known as NNP is a human gene which VBZ a g JJ receptor which VBZ the NN VBG molecule JJ JJ ( NNP ) .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the broadcast type of radio network is a network system which VBZ programming to multiple stations simultaneously , or slightly delayed , for the purpose of extending total coverage beyond the limits of a single broadcast signal .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
in political science , historical rankings of presidents of the united states are surveys conducted in order to construct rankings of the success of individuals who have served as president of the united states .	5	12	VBP	are	is	7
such holes are formed when the water temperature in the clouds is below VBG but the water has not frozen yet due to the lack of ice NN particles ( see VBN water ) .	7	11	VBZ	is	are	4
but the point of the question is about being RB identical which they are .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
note that NNP 's view that there is a `` scientific consensus '' is neither endorsed nor disputed by wikipedia .	4	13	VBZ	is	are	9
finally , any argument that amounts to this is a [ NN paper ] encyclopedia [ !	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
the passport of the republic of NNP with JJ data contains a chip which holds digital information , including the holder 's signature , as well as the traditional information .	1	10	VBZ	contains	contain	9
however , the club has disbanded and the future of this breed is uncertain .	8	12	VBZ	is	are	4
further information about the book is in the article on the book and in NNP NNP in a section on the book .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
basically , any article related to the cleveland NNPS is in the scope of this wikiproject .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
the present system , as you admit , counts votes .	2	8	VBZ	counts	count	6
NNP shares a fairly similar design to st series but of course there is some difference , such as the shape of the seat and the oil tank .	5	13	VBZ	is	are	8
the existing track and the northern extension remain under NNP ownership , and the stations from NNP junction to surrey NNS are part of the london NNP network .	14	21	VBP	are	is	7
in the film NNP , a book with this title is on the NN when he is VBN by his NNS who inform him that NNP is about to attack his army .	6	10	VBZ	is	are	4
history of NNP hall part two ' by thomas p walsh in the journal of old NNP society ( 1971 ) gives a very detailed account of the ghost story and several alleged NNS in the old NNP hall .	0	21	VBZ	gives	give	21
despite the progress made by indian feminist movements , women living in modern india still face many issues of discrimination .	9	15	VBP	face	faces	6
typical financial benefits achieved by an NNP implementation are shorter accounts VBZ cycles and the NN of account collections .	2	8	VBP	are	is	6
first , the subject of the article seems to be a living person and as such will need to pass the standard for notability .	3	7	VBZ	seems	seem	4
the return on the `` wild card '' is highest for NNS at 96 .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
a classic example of a JJ condition is NN that leads to a JJ NN of oxygen , NN and other JJ factors and NNS massive JJ death of JJ cells and JJ cells of surrounding NNS ( NNS , NNS , JJ cells , etc .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
yes , the NN of this question is absolutely correct .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
one NN , however , is that the statistics package on the NNP range does n't come VBN on the NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the clear , direct writing and JJ presentation enables NNP to incorporate NN characters with a minimum of NN .	4	8	VBZ	enables	enable	4
a popular drink , NNP da NNP , is a traditional NN drink made from JJ or orange NN , and common in many of these restaurants .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
other major NNS on the iraq stock exchange include baghdad soft drinks co , iraqi NNP NNP co , NNP marble and NNP agriculture .	2	8	VBP	include	includes	6
the search for meaningful origins for familiar or strange words is far older than the modern understanding of linguistic evolution and the relationships of languages , which began no earlier than the 18th century .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
the use of non-free content on wikipedia is therefore subject to RB JJR standards than those laid down in u .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
japanese speakers who learn english as a second language later than childhood often have difficulty in hearing and producing and accurately .	1	13	VBP	have	has	12
the greek text of the NN is a representative of a mixture of NNS with VBP the byzantine element .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the current malaysian collaboration of the month is .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the idea behind a dictionary is that it exists to provide information others may be curious about , which includes organizations which exist in one location .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the fact that such a number always exists for any NNP machine is generally the important thing .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
accident on hill road is a 2009 NNP film , directed by NNP NNP and produced by NNP NNP , starring NNP sheikh , NNP singh , NNP NNP .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
forest oak and black pine covers portions of NNP .	1	5	VBZ	covers	cover	4
other social movements and civil society organisations in other parts of the world also have similar campaigns or JJ preferences .	2	14	VBP	have	has	12
when VBG a NN , the choice of where to drill it depends on the type of NN and to what it will be VBN .	6	12	VBZ	depends	depend	6
a partnership between natural england and the NNP runs the `` NNP NNP project '' , part of a larger project called `` action for birds '' .	1	8	VBZ	runs	run	7
i must repeat again that the theory of infinite NNP NNP of matter is not simply a NN .	6	13	VBZ	is	are	7
that said , i think that the fact that there were ( as far as i could tell anyway ) reliable sources VBZ it from an obvious delete to a NN .	7	22	VBZ	pushes	push	15
ed 's primary use to the NNP crew is as a NN ; she is widely known to be a NN kid behind the computer .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
like its eastern caribbean neighbors , the main priority of NNP 's foreign relations is economic development .	8	14	VBZ	is	are	6
the rule for primitive NN on NN is the dual to that for primitive NN on data .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
NNP device , the new costume comes along with an advanced JJ NN , shown as highly NN to bullets and JJ weapons , and nearly as mobile as his former biological arm .	1	6	VBZ	comes	come	5
possible affiliation with a corporation ( they often VBP to NNS ) is not a reason for deletion .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
NNP citizens of NNP and those of NNP are an enabling factor , as is the NN of NNP NNP police in this region of de facto independence ( cf .	1	8	VBP	are	is	7
given the JJ nature of majority NNS , successful NNS of no confidence and thus changes in government are frequent during a parliamentary term .	9	18	VBP	are	is	9
membership for the lists is free for NNS and related industry professionals .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
the NN of the NN is simple , lacking VBN margin .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
in light of all the other categories brought up above , the argument that user cats should serve the interests of collaboration holds , in my opinion , absolutely no weight .	12	22	VBZ	holds	hold	10
NNP county area from the south , where it VBZ the duck river and the NNP river , and proceeds NN for another before VBG into the ohio river .	2	19	VBZ	proceeds	proceed	17
the major difference between the NN and JJ forms of hybrid music video games is that games of the JJ form allow for the creation of music as determined by gameplay whereas those of the JJ form employ music to determine gameplay .	2	14	VBZ	is	are	12
the second map included in the game is a new map not available elsewhere , featuring NNP 's home state of NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
currently ( 2009 ) , area colleges , high schools and rowing clubs are active in expanded facilities .	6	13	VBP	are	is	7
the east wall of the NN has a shallow NN VBN by a NN .	2	6	VBZ	has	have	4
the total area of the NN is while are covered .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the name `` NNP bay '' appears to come from NNP NNP , who was an attorney general and the judge in the NN colony .	1	6	VBZ	appears	appear	5
all dimensions of the NN are in exact proportion to the original NNP hammer .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the 2012 NNP NNP del NNP NNP NNP season ( known as the 2012 NNP nacional NNP for sponsorship reasons ) is the CD season of JJ football in chile .	8	21	VBZ	is	are	13
if the central varieties then die out and only the varieties at both ends survive , they may then be VBN as two languages , even though no actual language change has occurred .	10	14	VBP	survive	survives	4
the complaints that i have seen that NNP was involved in forming those guidelines demonstrate an NN of the way wikipedia works .	1	14	VBP	demonstrate	demonstrates	13
NNP and NNP 's discussion of an JJ mother , in the scene at the well , VBZ the reader 's suspicion of NNP 's pregnancy .	4	17	VBZ	confirms	confirm	13
an alternate version of the NNP artwork shows a painting of bill NNP , calling him `` another dead hero , '' and mentions of NNS are found both in the liner notes and on the record .	2	7	VBZ	shows	show	5
the main book in this series is NNP NN NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the JJ JJ NN native to NNP ( which becomes , eventually , NNP ) resembles the NNP from speaker for the dead .	3	15	VBZ	resembles	resemble	12
the stem of the active past NN , for all other cases but the JJ singular , ends in NNP , which may be likewise VBN .	1	17	VBZ	ends	end	16
a native of NNP center , new york , NNP now resides in port jefferson station , new york .	1	11	VBZ	resides	reside	10
the music video for `` possibility '' consists of a live performance of the song li gave at stockholm 's NNP studios on 9 march 2010 , directed by marcus NNP and NNP NNP .	2	7	VBZ	consists	consist	5
the case with this site is similar to that with NNS .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
if every element of the NN is a left zero then the NN is called a left zero NN ; a right zero NN is defined RB .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the son of a retired general , NNP is in the NNP book of records for his more than CD very short appearances VBG over the NNS of hundreds of JJ tv journalists .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the fourth and final segment of NNP 1806 is largely JJ , with its northern end near the NNP county border north of NNP .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
the belief that there is something NN stems from the idea that only then genesis and decay will never stop , when that from which is taken what is generated is NN .	1	30	VBZ	is	are	29
for instance a display in texas , christmas in NNP , uses a JJ NN scheme , and also refers to VBG NNS that people have built based on this scheme .	3	11	VBZ	uses	use	8
citizens of all other nations require a NN which is issued from the capital NNP upon arrival .	0	5	VBP	require	requires	5
the population density of humans in most areas is far too large , and this causes NNS in resources .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
one VBG feature of the electrical grid in africa is its isolation .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
JJ territories , and thus have no idea how to get home .	1	5	VBP	have	has	4
a JJ compilation of NNS from chinese literature tells of a NN who `` NN tears which became NNS '' .	2	8	VBZ	tells	tell	6
these authors seek to , incorrectly , lay claim that a NN of the company personally VBZ NNS rather than the corporate entity which is the subject of this article .	11	16	VBZ	owes	owe	5
the individuals named in the school song are of historical interest .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
in particular , `` changes to the mental element of rape NNP '' , are essential reading for practitioners .	4	14	VBP	are	is	10
realizing that people in such positions tend to act as if they were VBN , she sought to VB the person behind the mask , although she often succeeded in maintaining a little of the NN .	2	6	VBP	tend	tends	4
however , i think the JJ important quality for an admin is to be perceived as fair and balanced ( the first being , of course , actually being fair and balanced ) .	7	11	VBZ	is	are	4
several of us have agreed that the NN is misleading because it suggests that only the tip of the peninsula is point NNP , when in fact the whole peninsula is .	16	20	VBZ	is	are	4
the en NN style of formatting seen earlier in this section is more RB than using a NN , from what i understand .	3	11	VBZ	is	are	8
the JJ subdivision of any cell complex c is a flag complex having one NN per cell of c .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the JJS way to do this is to simply upload the image again , either here or at wikimedia commons .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the NNP version of the song includes an NN of RB inspired JJ containing only a few finnish words ; it is not part of the original song written by NNP NNP .	2	6	VBZ	includes	include	4
probably the biggest area where i 've been active is in writing new pages and fixing some pages which existed already -- i 've written a number of pages which are fairly short , but informative and interesting .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
the names of more than a quarter of pittsburgh 's neighborhoods make reference to `` hills , '' `` heights , '' or other NNS of JJ complexity .	1	11	VBP	make	makes	10
the a NN version of `` voices '' by NNP NNP is the opening theme song for episode 1 .	3	11	VBZ	is	are	8
the evidence below shows how JJ seeks to cause confrontation and VB NNS on talk pages by continually seeking to focus on the personalities involved and not the content in question , with NNP often linking to his own websites to back up their arguments .	1	6	VBZ	seeks	seek	5
she gains JJ and meets up with jack and the girls RB kiss .	1	12	VBP	kiss	kisses	11
a currently unused account , , also appears related .	3	7	VBZ	appears	appear	4
the historical error in the game is that the NNPS have infantry forces only , while japanese have balanced combined armed forces .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
JJ blocks JJ transmission in the isolated mouse nerve NN preparation and acts RB to VB the activity of NNP i .	3	12	VBZ	acts	act	9
fourth NNP took place in NNP , indonesia in september 2010 with the theme `` the present is the key to the future '' .	13	17	VBZ	is	are	4
the postal address of the cathedral is CD NNP avenue , victoria , b .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
indeed , these skills or the lack RB have the capacity to shape one 's online perception as they shape one 's perception through a physical body in the `` real world .	3	8	VBP	have	has	5
the second version of NNS , seen to a very great extent in the united states , relates to doing any and all forms of NNS regardless of execution time .	2	17	VBZ	relates	relate	15
finally , every so often a page with more than CD revisions needs to be deleted , requiring NN intervention ; most times the best way to get their attention is to leave a message on their noticeboard at NNP .	6	12	VBZ	needs	need	6
NN of weak signals is essential if the development of NNS beyond the scope of current developments is to be reached .	8	17	VBZ	is	are	9
phillip k dick 's the man in the high castle is a great one that falls into this category .	5	10	VBZ	is	are	5
this portion of route 21 serves to connect newark liberty with downtown newark .	1	5	VBZ	serves	serve	4
the first and most important action to saving the NNP NN is to utilize legislation and keep the species protected at all times .	5	11	VBZ	is	are	6
the date of his birth of is unknown .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
a matter of NNP and death is the highest viewed JJ event since an episode of coronation street in 2004 had 16 .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
support great article , well developed deserves the status .	2	6	VBZ	deserves	deserve	4
a consequence of that growth is that the statistics system no longer works .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
examples of host plants used in europe are NNP , NNP and NNP , but their biology is poorly known .	0	7	VBP	are	is	7
although expanding coverage is RB a JJ task , one aspect that could be rapidly addressed is the consistency of formats between articles .	10	16	VBZ	is	are	6
the eggs of most species are white to VB white when first laid , but later turn bright orange or red .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
reads output from the ab NN packages NNP ( us ) , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , pc NNP , NNP and NNP , and supports a number of other formats .	1	30	VBZ	supports	support	29
the basic cause of population NN is JJ VBG between groups , often due to their physical separation ( e .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
a close on these terms is more likely to help the encyclopedia than to VB it .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the earlier accounts of the invasion of NNP shah NNP are different from the account given in the NNP .	2	10	VBP	are	is	8
the hill above the village , is home to the NNP ( also known as the NNP ( NNP tree ) ) , an ancient pagan sun wheel , celebrated at the NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
but even the pieces on which NNP does n't appear are JJ , especially NNP 's `` piano trio no .	3	10	VBP	are	is	7
the front , JJ portion of the house serves as a public , JJ space .	4	8	VBZ	serves	serve	4
the body he directly controls retains the intelligence and magic power , while the body that was given to NNP retained his physical strength .	1	5	VBZ	retains	retain	4
NNP NNS and NNP NNS play an important role in NN NN according to the NNP mechanism .	1	5	VBP	play	plays	4
the player receives a blow to the outside of the NN , causing the NN to roll NNS ( so that the sole of the foot faces RB ) .	22	26	VBZ	faces	face	4
also the other image from the film is not JJ - it is a free image .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
a NN explaining how the user enjoys watching these editors because they 're `` JJ '' really makes me question the NN of why this page was made .	1	17	VBZ	makes	make	16
one could say , for example , `` a man whose children died , bar NN , is JJ .	9	17	VBZ	is	are	8
david NNP has concluded that it is one of the most reliable phenomena in cognitive psychology although research about the NN NN is relatively new , it is an interesting feature of JJ memory .	17	22	VBZ	is	are	5
on the third day , NNP is the one who discovers that NNP , the woman eric has decided to marry instead , is actually NNP .	15	23	VBZ	is	are	8
the largest stream VBG solely within the county is salmon creek , which VBZ at vancouver lake before eventually flowing into the columbia river .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
NNP NNP modules , and modules are now commonly designated with `` pc '' JJ numbers ( NNP , NNP or NNP - although the actual meaning of the numbers has changed ) .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
one leg of the railroad heads northwest from the city of marion , passes through the grant county communities of NNP and NNP , then crosses into miami county at NNP and NNS at NNP .	1	5	VBZ	heads	head	4
the main building , the church , is directly opposite the junction with stone church road .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the earliest histories published in the northern states commonly refer to the civil war as `` the great rebellion '' or `` the war of the rebellion '' , as do many war monuments .	2	9	VBP	refer	refers	7
the unique aspect of gameplay in NNP is the fact that the game proceeds not only in many instances of space , but also in many instances of time .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the prime purpose of the NNP is the promotion of NNP and , more generally , JJ and general health both in europe and worldwide by means of research , education and further development of its science .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the first section of line 1 has a length of 8 .	2	6	VBZ	has	have	4
the fact that he painted the NN is relevant .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the population of NNP , NNP is JJ .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
it also supports the NNP belief in the people part of the NNP NN , while also supporting the belief that only these members of the NNP NN are RB pure .	23	28	VBP	are	is	5
the nearest church of ireland church is at NNP and there is a methodist church in ireland church at NNP , approximately 2 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the main income sources of the village are agriculture and NN .	3	7	VBP	are	is	4
the mass of the bullet is no different from the perspective of the bullet .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the half rest ( or VB rest ) VBZ a silence for the same duration .	2	8	VBZ	denotes	denote	6
the period of political NN ends with the return to power of NNP NNP NNP .	1	5	VBZ	ends	end	4
the main religion of NNPS in this region is islam .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
information on the event itself goes in the convention 's own article .	0	5	VBZ	goes	go	5
the companies VBG the NNP release model are NNP pictures and NNP pictures .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
places where they are relatively common include the west coat of NNP , denmark .	0	6	VBP	include	includes	6
women who seek a divorce are also often victims of honour NNS .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
the similarities between NNP , NN , and NNP make differential diagnosis essential .	1	9	VBP	make	makes	8
in fact , the indigenous name for this tree is NNP meaning `` old man in the water '' .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
the album that marks the debut on the new label is `` JJ nova '' , which brought many classics of the genre and also VBD a dvd .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
the general orientation of the pyramid complex of NNP is north-west however and not JJ as is more common .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
NNP papers , including correspondence , news NNS and office files , are available for research use at the historical society of pennsylvania .	1	12	VBP	are	is	11
the JJS method to achieve this is by gravity and can be seen in the NN example .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the last issue of the saturday evening post hits magazine stands .	2	8	VBZ	hits	hit	6
also women with a JJ form of NNP usually have a very good NN .	1	9	VBP	have	has	8
JJ objects and JJ objects have an elementary interaction with JJ objects and JJ objects .	1	5	VBP	have	has	4
for example , a JJ photograph of the NNP lisa is JJ for copyright .	5	10	VBZ	is	are	5
the home version of the game has a base which can be split and VBN to fit through narrow NNS and comes in red or black .	2	6	VBZ	has	have	4
a result of successful cooperation of the german cancer research center with other partners is the first new building for `` the national center for NNP diseases '' ( NNP ) in NNP .	1	14	VBZ	is	are	13
other real people characterized in the novel are the famous publisher john murray and dr .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
keep , i think the fact that she is JJ news on the bbc is enough grounds to warrant her an article .	5	14	VBZ	is	are	9
the origin of vital statistics begins as early as 1869 while the number of NNS and deaths can be obtained by NN at certain points in time ( e .	1	5	VBZ	begins	begin	4
most departments and research center are in here .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the first land for the NNP was purchased in 1943 , and the mission of the NNP is to VB NN deer and VB VBG habitat .	13	17	VBZ	is	are	4
the third bridge in the centre of perth is a railway bridge , carrying trains to and from the railway station , half a mile to the north-west .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the population in the municipality of NNP is mostly JJ , produced by NNP , whites and indigenous people .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
most functional programming languages , such as NNP , NNP , and NNP , have NN collection built in .	3	14	VBP	have	has	11
the NNS of these 5 daughters and one son are in hundreds now , settled in india and pakistan .	1	9	VBP	are	is	8
the issue put to the court was whether the requirement of canadian citizenship for admission to the british columbia bar is an NN upon or NN of the equality rights guaranteed by s .	9	20	VBZ	is	are	11
the JJ centre of the vale ( as indicated on maps ) is around the bottom of NNP vale road .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
NNP soon follows and finds that the back of the lift is a portal to a NN in earth 's orbit .	7	11	VBZ	is	are	4
the next range towards the east is the NNP , with the same geological composition as the NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the death of jean NNP '' is a JJ story arc featuring the popular marvel comics comic book NN spider-man .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the implementation of pursuing profit is where issues can occur .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
in the swamp , NNP and frank trade VBG NN as NNP VBZ for dinner by lying out a table cloth and VBG a JJ glass .	7	12	VBZ	prepares	prepare	5
the club 's present building , begun in 1907 and completed in 1909 , is a historic landmark designed by notable architect martin NNP , and is arguably the first `` gothic NN '' .	4	14	VBZ	is	are	10
preliminary round of the ukrainian cup football competition takes place .	1	8	VBZ	takes	take	7
the portion from NNP to NNP bridge , in both directions , is especially vulnerable to JJ traffic NNS .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
NNP NNP NNP NNP former first lady of ghana , becomes first person to pick up a form to seek the presidential nomination of the ruling party ( NNP ) .	6	10	VBZ	becomes	become	4
the JJ figure of the NN consists of six flat regular NNS , meeting in pairs at each of the 30 NNS .	2	6	VBZ	consists	consist	4
a NNP funded program of india 's ministry of external affairs brings women from villages in rural africa ( which do not have electricity ) to the school for training , after which they return with new skills to install solar electricity in their villages .	3	11	VBZ	brings	bring	8
other NNS or conditions which can VB JJ muscle NN are JJ heart failure and liver disease .	1	10	VBP	are	is	9
the page on that sex aid makes no mention of this NNP .	1	6	VBZ	makes	make	5
the actual ceremony involved VBG water over the JJ groups of men and women , although it is possible that their heads were VBN instead , and VBN with the NN .	2	17	VBZ	is	are	15
live at the NNP east features many blues covers , such as chuck berry 's `` sweet little sixteen '' , and `` roll over NNP '' and also willie dixon 's NNP , which was also covered by cream on their album wheels of fire .	0	5	VBZ	features	feature	5
two older rooms and the NN are open to the public , and are VBN with period NNS .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
arguably the cause of the tournament goes back to NNP NNP in march , where steve austin won the NNP championship .	2	6	VBZ	goes	go	4
fair use in NNS ( song ) though this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
previous versions , such as this version , seem to indicate the topic itself may some day be worth an article .	1	8	VBP	seem	seems	7
lucky discovers that all of these are NNP dogs , or NNS , that were together before the big NNP , and hold hope that their owners will come back for them .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
he even called `` nationalist '' users such as NNP and myself , even though both of us have a pretty strong record of being JJ ( both NNP and NNP , and even NNP muslim ) on numerous other issues .	6	18	VBP	have	has	12
all the power used to light the park is solar .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
an JJ purchase or JJ buying is an JJ decision to buy a product or service , made just before a purchase .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
that said , these guidelines on how to face a mountain lion are probably not too far off for african lions .	4	12	VBP	are	is	8
the city , due to its elevation , is relatively cold for brazilian standards .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the NN 's new best friend ; as the internet VBZ the encyclopedia , the editor of a new dictionary asks if this is the end for the JJ reference book london evening standard , august 9 , 2004 ( not online ) .	5	20	VBZ	asks	ask	15
they believe that any form of movement other than walking the way they do is JJ .	4	14	VBZ	is	are	10
the NNP NNP motorway ( NNP - NNP - NNP - NNP - NNP ) passes north of the mountains .	3	15	VBZ	passes	pass	12
the book from the church itself is a primary source .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
JJ , no NN , these insects are RB JJ where the only difference between adult and NN is size , e .	13	18	VBZ	is	are	5
information about the elder NNP is JJ , and often JJ .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
now the material under discussion here is a stack of NNS amongst hundreds of others .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
a combination of various magical columns , but it also includes an JJ arrow that causes all NNS above a section of the grid to be cleared .	1	10	VBZ	includes	include	9
NNP praised the book , `` the JJ tone of the narrator 's voice VBZ a VBG air of NN to this RB VBN quest tale of NN that questions the NNS of our world , family , friendship and loyalty .	8	14	VBZ	lends	lend	6
JJ NN ( type CD NNP ) is a single ship class of NN used by the china coast guard .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the end of the video shows the lotus flower rising up , while NNP sings the final lines , then looking at the child .	1	5	VBZ	shows	show	4
no objection to deletion if the single fails to come out in , say , 2 months .	1	7	VBZ	fails	fail	6
taking advantage of the moment , NNP kills NNP and runs to her car to steal the diamonds , only to find them missing .	1	7	VBZ	kills	kill	6
japanese cultural tradition that is often associated with NNP influence , the association of the cherry NN with JJ no aware dates back to JJ scholar NNP NNP .	2	21	VBZ	dates	date	19
obviously , the challenge before NN now is to VB everything which can be VBN .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
many minor academic theories , including many better supported in the academic record , are not sufficiently notable for separate article topics in wikipedia .	3	14	VBP	are	is	11
double data rate JJ dynamic JJ memory ( NNP NNP ) is a class of memory integrated circuits used in computers .	6	11	VBZ	is	are	5
republicans also stated that the general rule in parliamentary systems `` is that NNS VBP in a legislative body , unless another rule is RB provided .	6	11	VBZ	is	are	5
the most important conclusion of these publications is that for the efficient and accurate diagnosis of an NN , two NNS are required .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the 2nd constituency of new NNP is a french legislative constituency in new NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
likewise , musical movement titles , JJ NNS , or terms like NN and trio , are in normal JJ font .	4	16	VBP	are	is	12
cities within 50 miles include new york ( 41 miles to city center ) ; newark , n .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
the reference to the JJ mountain air is due to the village RB location .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
oppose , lacks of experience , answers are weak , try again later .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
though relatively NNS to the region , the NNP or NNP are the north province 's most numerous ethnic group .	2	11	VBP	are	is	9
the law on freedom of NNP VBZ `` VBG '' but does not define it .	1	6	VBZ	prohibits	prohibit	5
however , the NNP ' younger son , nathan , believes joseph 's story , having heard it directly from him .	6	10	VBZ	believes	believe	4
as NNP starts to leave , he notices how the civilians in the areas are RB but RB VBG from the criminal spot or taking cover .	10	14	VBP	are	is	4
if members of the mediation committee have prior knowledge of the blp or this matter or those involved they should , of course NN themselves .	1	6	VBP	have	has	5
several other hot lanes across various state highway are also either currently under construction or in the planning stages .	3	8	VBP	are	is	5
formations of modern social thought human beings are RB , necessarily and by definition social beings who , beyond being `` JJ creatures '' , can not survive and meet their needs other than through social NN and association .	0	7	VBP	are	is	7
maxwell 's NNS is scale , JJ , and NNP NN , so the combination is JJ too .	10	15	VBZ	is	are	5
NNP argued that `` the most remarkable NN of the NNP scandal is how adult NNS are invited to act like children '' .	7	12	VBZ	is	are	5
the song premiered on 28 august 2010 on NNP 's show , and is the second single from NNP 's debut album , NNP , NNP and NNP .	1	13	VBZ	is	are	12
NN , although the avenue to the resolution of the most JJ of his NNS , plays a secondary role in the structural NN of the composition .	4	16	VBZ	plays	play	12
other scientists , especially NNS of the rare earth hypothesis , disagree that red NN can VB life .	1	11	VBP	disagree	disagrees	10
the top three players in the crowd win the NNP game as well .	3	7	VBP	win	wins	4
village pump policy ( this page ) is the most central place there is to discuss a policy change .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
that man on your right is a government official .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP 's 1953 novel , beyond this place , and is a remake of the 1955 bengali film POS NNP ' .	3	10	VBZ	is	are	7
additionally , JJ NN NNS use of NN NNS and is one of the principal reasons for the use of other materials .	5	10	VBZ	is	are	5
large wheels on shock NNS extend beyond the top of the clock to protect it from impact should it roll off a NN .	1	5	VBP	extend	extends	4
the garden , created by NNP NNP , features a circular NN around , and is designated as a special place of scenic beauty of japan .	1	8	VBZ	features	feature	7
in which case , the relevant law is the first amendment to the united states constitution .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the span is supported by two NNS VBN by three JJ arches ; its length to the NNS is 21 .	14	18	VBZ	is	are	4
a judicial branch of any democratic government has an NN NNS without borders and its not with and not without the governing state , a NN church majority or any of the masses democratic secular individual NN NNS to question .	2	7	VBZ	has	have	5
a system with a voluntary jury and a voluntary judge , who can each pick their own cases , is about the least JJ way for deciding cases that i can imagine .	1	19	VBZ	is	are	18
most transportation authorities in western countries are under the direction of elected officials .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the only assertion of notability at all is the line `` [ .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the most interesting rooms of the main NN are a JJ citizen 's hall with six NNS and the NN of the town hall in the east .	3	8	VBP	are	is	5
most NNS from the last few years probably have NNP NNS .	1	8	VBP	have	has	7
generally , the number of musical acts is close to 200 , spanning the NN of `` dark music '' from acoustic folk to JJ to VB , to dark NN , NNP , NNP metal , gothic metal , industrial .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
and the situation at the euro 2008 article is not the CD i 'm asking this question , it 's merely the occasion .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
robert NNP plays a NN whose research into virtual technologies extends to bold experiments on himself .	6	10	VBZ	extends	extend	4
the bit about NNP being captain when NNP reported aboard is RB , a loose detail .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
the process of medical NN involves several stages including image acquisition , image NN , data translation , model building and NN .	1	5	VBZ	involves	involve	4
the mission of this project is to improve all articles related to the vancouver NNP .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP vertical migration , also known as JJ vertical migration , is a pattern of movement used by some organisms living in the ocean and in lakes .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
citizen advocacy organisations ( citizen advocacy programmes ) seek to cause benefit by VBG people who have become isolated .	2	8	VBP	seek	seeks	6
the key features that distinguish a `` fast '' from a `` slow '' sail are its shape related to the particular boat and NN and its ability to consistently maintain that shape .	2	15	VBP	are	is	13
the east side of the chapel is part of the secondary school and is used by students from secondary ii to iv , each level on their own floor .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
pioneer plants such as NNP NN and NN NNS , grow on and VB the mud NNS .	1	10	VBP	grow	grows	9
one template on the page starts the process , and everything else is updated by a NNP .	1	5	VBZ	starts	start	4
if our thesis that the fault lies not with the NN but with an excess of soft tissue is correct , treatment by removal of a segment of NN is not rational .	2	18	VBZ	is	are	16
monthly lists of JJ unusual objects , JJ distant objects , JJ NNS and the critical list of numbered minor planets also appear on these NNS .	1	22	VBP	appear	appears	21
the best way to support the continued careful and JJ use of RB licensed content on wikipedia is to demonstrate that we are not using it to replace the freely licensed content that we 're trying to provide here .	2	17	VBZ	is	are	15
this NN of the singer 's gender adds to the strange mood of the record .	1	7	VBZ	adds	add	6
alpine streams and NNS often have much lower temperatures , and can be frozen for months .	1	5	VBP	have	has	4
i suspect that comparison tables such as this are probably not JJ material , even if all the tables were completed .	4	8	VBP	are	is	4
NNP subject of the article is not original research .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the township , the angle , whatever you call it , is notable as a populated area .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
the head of the division is the staff judge advocate ( NNP ) to the NNP of the marine corps ( NNP ) .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
i VBP suggest that the discussion of this vote ends .	5	9	VBZ	ends	end	4
a wide variety of objects have been observed to have been inserted including batteries , safety NNS , NNS , the chuck NNP story `` NNP '' , from the novel NNP , includes the story of a boy in his early teens VBG JJ NN into his NN .	23	33	VBZ	includes	include	10
the JJS way to reach NNP is by road from NNP on the en 1 .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the user , NNP or poison oak , VBZ personal attacks against users including some remarks which can be found to be JJ and others which can be found to be questionable .	1	8	VBZ	implements	implement	7
NN has shown that NNP evidence of JJ NN in the NN NN prior to surgery is JJ of a poor surgical outcome .	5	16	VBZ	is	are	11
the last JJ centers on character NN as numerous characters from several stevens songs turn out to really exist and they want to sue the singer for NN .	3	14	VBP	turn	turns	11
fair use rationale for light from NNP the image is subject to copyright , its use in light from above is covered by the u .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
its capacity to hold energy is such that it can VB the force of gravity and NN in air .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
in reality , the team mostly practices on campus , and the stadium ( which both NNP and NNP high use ) is on the outskirts of town in a fairly JJ area and about three miles ( five km ) away from the NNP high campus .	12	22	VBZ	is	are	10
the document as a whole is often RB VBN to NNP NNP , who shared its inspiration and took part in discussions about it but was not on the committee that produced it .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the new addition to this volume is lieutenant general NNP s .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the first appearance of the name is in CD .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
NNS have important functions outside of the operating room , but the majority of their vital work takes place in the surgical suite .	12	17	VBZ	takes	take	5
several tracks on blue afternoon are songs NNP had intended to record on earlier albums but had not completed .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the replacement of NN ray tube ( NNP ) displays by more efficient JJ liquid crystal display ( NNP ) ones in the early JJ century reduces power consumption significantly .	1	9	VBZ	displays	display	8
NNP artwork by jamie reid who did the covers for the sex NNP albums .	1	8	VBZ	covers	cover	7
NNP is a bad day on which the priests of the sun go to NNS to VB against their enemies .	8	12	VBP	go	goes	4
this whole wiki concept , while very JJ , fails in it 's most essential NNS .	3	9	VBZ	fails	fail	6
the most widely accepted model of an adult NNP is a JJ , JJ , JJ cell .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
is this to do with confusion between electric potential - which exists in the absence of any current , and voltage measured in a complete circuit - what you describe is n't a completed electrical circuit .	20	30	VBZ	is	are	10
the head of the provincial civil service is the municipal secretary .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
NNP 's line algorithm , developed in 1962 , is his most well-known innovation .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
NNP 's still talking face from his body and puts it on the mask stand , before getting rid of the guards and VBG out of the museum in a NN of rage .	4	9	VBZ	puts	put	5
originally built in CD under spanish rule , the JJ JJ prison building in the main square includes several NNS and NNS .	12	17	VBZ	includes	include	5
the title of the page is bad .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the ap news story which was added does at least give an impression of notability .	3	7	VBZ	does	do	4
the power stations which form the nodes of the power grid require fuel delivered via a network of roads or pipes and also control via the communications network .	2	11	VBP	require	requires	9
along with the more famous national landmarks , a clear shot of the NNP school is clearly visible in the sequence .	10	15	VBZ	is	are	5
at VBN NN spots with large waves , it is argued that the freedom of not wearing a NN is secondary to the safety of others .	13	19	VBZ	is	are	6
battle for the pacific features a single player campaign and a NN mode with a decent number of weapons to choose from , ranging from the american thompson VBP gun and NNP NNP rifle to the japanese type 100 NN gun and type 38 NN .	0	4	VBZ	features	feature	4
the NNP NNP mascot , a NN emerging from an egg , is a play on the slogan ( the JJ NN has n't VBN the ground for NNS and insects ) .	3	12	VBZ	is	are	9
this JJ long film 's title , NNP , refers to the call used by NNP JJ activists to signal a village meeting .	5	9	VBZ	refers	refer	4
a recurring device in the series is that , at the end of each episode , NNP speaks the final lines .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
in chemical fields , such as NN , space groups and point groups describe molecular NNS and crystal NNS .	9	13	VBP	describe	describes	4
an NN from NNP of a country NNP , selected and introduced by paul collins , appears in the JJ literary magazine dancing star , vol 26 ( 2002 ) as a JJ NN NN titled `` early morning at the station '' .	1	16	VBZ	appears	appear	15
the village of oxford is to the southeast in oakland county , and the oxford post office , with NNP code CD , also serves a small portion of southeast NNP township .	16	24	VBZ	serves	serve	8
memorable segments of front runners include a look behind the scenes at the world of bill NNP the science guy and a look at the career of fellow NNP colleague NNP NNP , as well as a JJ tour at NNP .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
the second reference provided in the article ( craig crawford ) is a broken link .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
the development and application of this technology in NNS , however , is a relatively new field and until recently had not been applied in a direct effort to help VB any threatened JJ species ( NNP 2002 ) .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
list of federal law enforcement agencies of brazil this is a list of all federal law enforcement agencies of brazil .	0	9	VBZ	is	are	9
a NNP space with JJ basis is JJ to a JJ NN of a space with JJ basis .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
my posts and us supreme court language are below .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
the complex formed by the three NN and assembly machinery NNS ( sam core complex ) , is responsible for the integration of beta barrel proteins into the outer JJ membrane .	1	17	VBZ	is	are	16
the outreach department of the NNP wikiproject is a JJ work are for project NN and member interaction efforts .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the main difference between this specification and commonly deployed NNP a is the maximum distance that can be used .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
word definitions of NN as a JJ term differ little from dictionary definitions .	1	8	VBP	differ	differs	7
the place i currently work is a very flat land .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
n has not been VBN , but his review of arab sources suggests that n does not appear there either .	8	12	VBZ	suggests	suggest	4
requests for comment on the article talk page and we should close this NNP case while the JJ period for the rfc plays out and we have a clear consensus .	18	22	VBZ	plays	play	4
when the casting director of a production decides to employ NN acting , VBG the actors in this way is sometimes also called `` NN casting '' or simply `` JJ '' .	3	7	VBZ	decides	decide	4
detroit school of arts ( NNP ) school community believes that parents , teachers , administrators and students are partners in the educational process .	13	18	VBP	are	is	5
because the JJ electrons have relatively low energy , the detection efficiency by NN counting is rather low .	11	15	VBZ	is	are	4
one stone in the garden has the name of two NNS carved into it .	1	5	VBZ	has	have	4
the areas of eastern NNP also have tropical dry forests which are found in the NNP and NNP provinces .	1	6	VBP	have	has	5
chess NN and spanish businessman luis NNP suffers serious injuries in a car crash and then NNS from a 23 day NN .	1	7	VBZ	suffers	suffer	6
the royal households of such of european NNS have a continuous history since medieval times .	2	8	VBP	have	has	6
for example , a NN film NN with JJ NN on a NN film carrier makes the NN not only cheaper but also smaller , because the JJR NN NN VBZ the JJ efficiency of the NN .	6	15	VBZ	makes	make	9
one find , a NN , dates from early la NNP times .	1	6	VBZ	dates	date	5
the sculpture collection at speed art museum in louisville , kentucky includes a large number of her works in NN .	2	11	VBZ	includes	include	9
two other popular youth teams that are based in NNP are trinity , and NNP vikings ; both also play in the NNP east kent youth league .	4	10	VBP	are	is	6
also , the link to the NNP article goes to the article about NN .	3	8	VBZ	goes	go	5
a majority of the former mall site remains VBN off .	1	7	VBZ	remains	remain	6
other fans of vintage NNP include kate moss and NNP NNP .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
the instrumental combinations ( including NNS ) vary between most movements .	2	7	VBP	vary	varies	5
bus service within the terminal itself is by NNP and NNP transit .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
malta might not be the biggest of countries , but an NN like that certainly deserves a mention .	11	15	VBZ	deserves	deserve	4
a new film of NNP and NNP by harbour pictures and bbc films is in development and filming is expected during 2013 .	2	13	VBZ	is	are	11
the decision maker , often a jury , but sometimes a judge , decides whether the burden of proof has been VBN .	2	13	VBZ	decides	decide	11
alpha NN - here , the decay energy is 5 .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the origins of the games are NNP by john NNP for the pc and apple ii .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the subject of an article is often among the least reliable sources there is .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
this happens because the time delay between placing an order and receiving inventory makes people think that the inventory is running out as new orders come in , so they VBP and place larger orders .	5	13	VBZ	makes	make	8
the goal of the right stuff is to help you keep up with the changing landscape .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
however , a study of JJ dna of NNS shows it to be most closely related to the NNP NNP ( NNP RB ) and the NNP NNP ( NNP VBZ ) .	3	9	VBZ	shows	show	6
iii ( see galaxy in flames above ) and its JJ voyage across the galaxy as it attempts to reach NNP and raise the alarm over the developing rebellion .	11	17	VBZ	attempts	attempt	6
on her seal , she is called `` queen of sweden , norway and NNP '' ; the fact that she is not wearing a NN on the seal is unusual for married women of the age .	18	29	VBZ	is	are	11
also , JJ NNP singers like NNP NNP , NNP NNP , and NNP NNP also come from the city .	4	16	VBP	come	comes	12
the age of consent in ukraine appears to be 16 , although it is not specifically set in any one statute .	1	6	VBZ	appears	appear	5
