thus this entry with the italian title is redundant , in my opinion .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
important company , but there 's the interesting situation that its subsidiary , NNP reid public opinion is apparently better known than the parent company , making the direction of a merge difficult to determine , but i am not sure i see the reason for two pages .	11	17	VBZ	is	are	6
information from peter NNP and others indicates that guitarist vic NNP played on the track , and not jimmy page as previously thought .	0	6	VBZ	indicates	indicate	6
she grew up in berkeley , california , where her father , computer scientist richard NNP is a professor at NNP berkeley .	10	16	VBZ	is	are	6
the goal of dynamic priority NN is to VB to RB changing progress and form an JJ configuration in JJ manner .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the only services that , for now , remain branded as NNP - puerto rico telephone are business , government or corporate .	2	16	VBP	are	is	14
the NNS observed imply simple behaviour , and the complex efficient feeding traces common from the start of the NNP are absent .	12	20	VBP	are	is	8
during her investigation , an ambitious young television reporter , joey NNP , slowly begins to learn about NNP and the mysterious puzzle box .	8	14	VBZ	begins	begin	6
my belief , based on years of involvement in this topic area on the project , is that the scope of this arbitration and , in particular , its eventual NNS , should extend to all articles either directly related to this particular fringe theory ( e .	1	16	VBZ	is	are	15
still , the fact that the NNP want to NN with other races on any level , even if they are VBN , makes them far more JJ than other races , particularly the JJ NNP of man .	3	23	VBZ	makes	make	20
NNP 's collection , purchased by james francis NNP , is in the natural history museum along with some manuscripts .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
an unusual feature of the temple works building is that sheep used to VB on the JJ roof .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
examples of research in which knockout mice have been useful include studying and modeling different kinds of cancer , NN , heart disease , diabetes , NN , substance abuse , NN , aging and NNP 's disease .	0	10	VBP	include	includes	10
the detailed study of the crystal structure of a material by techniques such as NNP NN and NN atom VBG is much easier with NNS .	2	20	VBZ	is	are	18
RB as no consensus - i did not participate in the deletion debate , but it seems as though the template served a useful purpose of VBG other editors and wikipedia users of the feeling that the article or section in question is very inadequate coverage of a topic .	37	42	VBZ	is	are	5
the lesser yellow bat ( NNP NN ) is a NN bat found only on madagascar and NNP .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
even if there is just one incident of it , i think a sentence mention of a unique case makes sense for the main article .	14	19	VBZ	makes	make	5
the joke - which is appropriately VBN - comes from the new york times , complete with reference and link .	1	8	VBZ	comes	come	7
for example , say a single woman with the responsibility of a child is in the cards for a job promotion , but so is a single , JJ woman .	6	13	VBZ	is	are	7
i VBP you that this is not spam , and the method that we use for VBG coffee is unique .	11	18	VBZ	is	are	7
an ex post facto arbcom POS ' is apparently where she 's coming from .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
i think any such claim that mathematical physics VBZ large-scale tears in the fabric of NN definitely requires citations .	4	17	VBZ	requires	require	13
even though it takes place early in the year , it is known as the last show of the season , and the winners in racing and freestyle are champions until the next year .	23	28	VBP	are	is	5
not only the NNP india shoe factory , another very remarkable feature of NNP , is that NN is a JJ cottage industry in NNP .	6	15	VBZ	is	are	9
the attempt to extend it to JJ works lacks consensus even more , being under discussion there now .	1	8	VBZ	lacks	lack	7
victorian parks as collectively the `` most important in the country '' there are over of parks and open spaces in the city .	1	13	VBP	are	is	12
the intent of our featured process is to showcase encyclopedia content of exceptional quality .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
VBN from his book of the same title , the film makes the case that the best way to fight bad NNS is through NN in the arts and sciences .	17	22	VBZ	is	are	5
VBG whether or not you have any respect for NN , the study of its history and considerable cultural influence is an important intellectual pursuit .	12	20	VBZ	is	are	8
the remnants of the NN still exist and can be viewed behind the ancient middle school at fair park street and south high street .	1	6	VBP	exist	exists	5
a production rate less than the reference production rate indicates a lower NN .	2	9	VBZ	indicates	indicate	7
justice department prosecutor not JJ to any administration shows us that the witch hunt against albert NNP was a politically motivated NN .	2	8	VBZ	shows	show	6
however , the relatively small amount of plasma in the JJ blood contains JJ NNS , which could VB with the a NN on the surface of the NNS NNP , but a significant reaction is unlikely because of the NN factors .	5	12	VBZ	contains	contain	7
the one link that actually discusses the journal itself is the last one , a book review .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
NNP 's work in the last decade , VBG gravity as an NN phenomenon , has JJ implications both for quantum gravity and for the nature of dark energy , and it has made a deep impact on the subject .	2	15	VBZ	has	have	13
all current derived distances for the three stars are from the NNS obtained from the NNP star catalog ( hip ) .	3	8	VBP	are	is	5
the collection , named for NNP , includes the work of NNP church , NNP NNP , and joseph NNP william turner .	1	7	VBZ	includes	include	6
the orientation of low copy NNS VBG the deleted segment , suggests the NN in the JJ NN influences the deletion in the child 's NN via a JJ JJ NN ( NNP ) mechanism .	1	11	VBZ	suggests	suggest	10
the type of medical insurance i have allows me go directly to a specialist without first going to a primary care physician to get a NN .	1	7	VBZ	allows	allow	6
the statue of the seated god in NNP shows the existence of NNP `` JJ gods '' .	1	8	VBZ	shows	show	7
the JJS way to get that result is to take the integral of the JJ NN over the desired period .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
iceland remains a member of nato and is still under the military protection of the united states , even if the economic benefits of the us military presence are gone .	22	28	VBP	are	is	6
its `` relationship '' with the andy NNP show is JJ .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
i would support a topic ban and also suggest that the username , RB VBN as NN , is in fact JJ and JJ ( more NN !	11	18	VBZ	is	are	7
the most obvious issue with the article as it currently stands is a lack of cited references .	3	11	VBZ	is	are	8
he has never explained exactly what he thinks the full implications of my attending NNP young university are , but he speaks of it as if it is somehow a dirty little secret and i do not appreciate him doing so .	10	17	VBP	are	is	7
fair use in NNP mystery IN this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
thus , even if the impact or reach of JJ justice seems marginal , the end result is worth the effort .	5	11	VBZ	seems	seem	6
issues of the police gazette between CD and CD are also available online at the british newspaper archive .	0	9	VBP	are	is	9
the range of the NN NN ( excluding NNS or JJ notes ) demanded by wagner is from NNP to NNP , though composers since then have required even lower notes - even as low as b 0 .	1	16	VBZ	is	are	15
his father , NNP NNP , is a poet and his mother , NNP NNP , a journalist .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
other newspapers that are owned by the company include the NNP NNP , greene prairie press , scott county times , weekly messenger and the pike press .	1	8	VBP	include	includes	7
the NNP NN mine collapse , in western NNP , japan , kills at least CD people .	4	12	VBZ	kills	kill	8
one common recommendation across all notability guidelines is not to nominate articles on such subjects for deletion but to rename , VB , or merge them into articles with broader NNS .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
conservation , non-profit organizations , local businesses , and environmental community groups make up the NN portion of this group .	3	12	VBP	make	makes	9
other RB friendly features of the wisconsin institutes for discovery include a JJ well system , solar NN heating , gray water use for irrigation and the use of high efficiency lighting , water flow NNS and NNP systems throughout .	3	10	VBP	include	includes	7
the statistical area `` NNP '' , which also includes the surrounding countryside , has a population of around CD .	2	14	VBZ	has	have	12
article CD of the swiss NNP code VBZ NN .	0	7	VBZ	prohibits	prohibit	7
a musical NN with a ballad about gold shows a NN of poker hands in which it appears the old man winning a substantial amount of the other JJ gold .	2	8	VBZ	shows	show	6
the position of `` general of the army '' RB corresponds to overall command of an entire national army , while the position of `` army general '' only corresponds to the command of an individual army in the field .	22	29	VBZ	corresponds	correspond	7
for example , the section on PRP keep ' gives insufficient information on a location that is fairly important to the understanding of how this fantasy world works .	4	9	VBZ	gives	give	5
any page in the file namespace falls under this class .	1	6	VBZ	falls	fall	5
experiences , for all NNS and purposes , are real for the user .	0	8	VBP	are	is	8
in these rapidly VBG cells , the genes VBG the variable domains of the heavy and light chains undergo a high rate of point NN , by a process called JJ NN ( NNP ) .	7	18	VBP	undergo	undergoes	11
several times each year , students and faculty attend mass at christ the king church , their parish .	1	8	VBP	attend	attends	7
the original document , which RB escaped destruction in the spanish civil war , is on display in a glass case in the town hall of NNP .	2	14	VBZ	is	are	12
every team that VBZ in a regional competition is eligible to participate in the international competition .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
after getting project NNP ( a NNS system ) in his hands , NNP uses it as a NN chip to join the NNS VBG that the satellite can be used to turn the tide of the war to the NNPS .	7	14	VBZ	uses	use	7
the songs on the album generally deal with love and relationships .	1	6	VBP	deal	deals	5
to prevent a JJ outcome , by the year CD scientists studying diseases like NNP 's disease , NNP 's disease , and adult cancer need to understand why aging is the largest risk factor for developing such conditions .	10	25	VBP	need	needs	15
the de FW rule in north american drug law requires a JJ quantity of the substance in question before charges can be brought , known as the minority rule .	3	9	VBZ	requires	require	6
the towns of NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , and NNP use the title of `` borough council '' instead of `` town council '' , but they have no additional responsibilities .	1	13	VBP	use	uses	12
the light at the top of the tall tower VBZ a white , red or green light , depending on direction , VBG twice every 10 seconds .	1	9	VBZ	emits	emit	8
try and get more experience under your belt , the longer you are here , and the more edits you make , the better chance you have of running into different experiences and help you to become a better editor and ultimately an admin .	18	26	VBP	have	has	8
as to whether any given person involved with a company is a NNP ' , guidance is found in s .	5	10	VBZ	is	are	5
the main purpose of the web site is to VB trends in the video game industry , particularly how upcoming products will sell and how they will be received by the critics .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
pressure to the extent of four NNS causes VBP gas to leave its JJ form .	0	7	VBZ	causes	cause	7
the fact that his photos are widely used in scientific circles alone makes him a notable science photographer .	1	12	VBZ	makes	make	11
the lack of a retaining NN means that this hollow has no NN , NNP beck running VBN to the lake .	1	6	VBZ	means	mean	5
currently , 38 members ( 30 of whom are undergraduate students ) maintain membership in this club , participating in activities such as exhibitions , field trips , and regular meetings and practices .	3	8	VBP	are	is	5
all subsequent NNS around the world with the sole exception of korean NNP have either descended from it , or been inspired by one of its descendants .	2	13	VBP	have	has	11
the boundary between the eastern time zone and central time zone runs along NNP 's western boundary .	1	11	VBZ	runs	run	10
the aim of the NNP project is to develop a free set of JJ NNS and produce a JJ desktop environment to compete with NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the lineage of NNP NNP the NNP gift , NNP NNP describes JJ NNP as a candidate to fill the vacant NNP seat on the basis of his ancestry ( NN CD ) .	1	11	VBZ	describes	describe	10
this organization , working in conjunction with pakistan , manages to VB a JJ nuclear bomb into india .	1	9	VBZ	manages	manage	8
a quick review of the talk page and edit history appears to confirm NNP ' version of events .	2	10	VBZ	appears	appear	8
the library for NNP on the other hand has JJ , JJ , NNS , color , etc .	1	8	VBZ	has	have	7
a call for a new NNP ( 2002 ) , VBZ new racial and ethnic terminology and NNS for the study of black people and history .	1	10	VBZ	proposes	propose	9
the third track , `` NN '' , is a song written by alternative rock band meat NNPS , and can be found on their 1991 album , forbidden places .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
devices operating in this range include NN NNS , NNP devices , baby NNS and digital NN NNS , which can lead to interference issues .	0	5	VBP	include	includes	5
the other nine constituencies of the west scotland region are NNP and NNP , NNP north , NNP south , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP , NNP north and west , NNP south and NNP and NNP .	3	9	VBP	are	is	6
in particular , british NNS ( yes , they are plural ) tend to put NN outside of NNS even when it belong there RB .	4	9	VBP	are	is	5
the JJ band or JJ ring method involves a NN over of the JJ tubes and application of a JJ band to the tube .	2	7	VBZ	involves	involve	5
while most people who use the word live in and around atlanta , i personally know of people who use the word in michigan , california , idaho , utah , oregon , washington , illinois , ohio and russia .	2	15	VBP	know	knows	13
for example , the island 's government is not fully autonomous , and the level of federal presence in the island is common place , including a branch of the united states federal district court .	14	21	VBZ	is	are	7
the student count from NNP to the class NNP crosses 2000 .	2	9	VBZ	crosses	cross	7
the loss of a potential heir VBZ heavily on NNP 's mind , particularly when he is dying of cancer ; while VBG over his fate , NNP visits jerry 's NN .	1	6	VBZ	weighs	weigh	5
the NNP road , also known as the NNP highway , is a major highway of NNP .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
one can show that the NNP transform of the momentum in quantum mechanics is the position operator .	6	13	VBZ	is	are	7
NNS that live in or visit water have NNS that improve their swimming abilities .	0	7	VBP	have	has	7
NNS with an NN closer to the surface generally are more violent and cause more damage .	0	9	VBP	are	is	9
the only assertion of notability in the article is the single `` peace '' , yet i can find no evidence of its existence .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
people belonging to different NNS live RB together in the village .	0	5	VBP	live	lives	5
a study conducted in 2010 , six years after the implementation of VBG showed the mean number of fish species , density and NN of NNS is typically higher in sanctuary zones than in habitat protection zones where fishing is allowed .	1	26	VBZ	is	are	25
the second time NNP is mentioned , is when he states the law concerning the arrest of jesus during the feast of NNP bread ( ) .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
specimen NNS of the ancient NNP NNP of NNP , the NNP sea and easter island are very similar to the NNS .	1	16	VBP	are	is	15
the central character , NNP ( a NNP NNP type ) , is a scholar who sells his soul to the devil in exchange for 150 extra years of life ; he spends that time searching for someone who will take over the pact for him .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
the notion that anything goes as long as it contains what are more or less facts is JJ to me .	1	16	VBZ	is	are	15
NNP spelling , then using the chancellor spelling is not appropriate ( not even in a NN , though that would be better than the current JJ mention ) .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the technical difficulties in achieving a shot like this are extremely difficult , and being able to capture the fish in such an JJ way really made this the only nomination that i could choose as my choice of the week .	2	9	VBP	are	is	7
those edits you think you see , are not .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
images of the house on early estate plans show a quite conventional square house in the contemporary late JJ style .	0	8	VBP	show	shows	8
native proteins which contain such domains with regulatory activity are normally inactive , most likely because they are JJ segments hidden in the native protein structure .	1	9	VBP	are	is	8
american writer and television personality ted allen currently lives in clinton hill .	1	8	VBZ	lives	live	7
difficulty finding western coverage for a malaysian actress is a reason to consider and translate the JJ sources , rather than throw it out .	0	8	VBZ	is	are	8
the range of restaurants and bars in leeds covers all budget ranges .	1	8	VBZ	covers	cover	7
the creation of JJ wealth NNS is also a recognized priority of the eu .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the most famous legend connected with the castle is that of the monster of NNP , a RB VBN child born to the family .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
the flag of NNP , capital of georgia , is a rectangular white banner with a blue JJ cross outlined in amber that extends to edges of the flag .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
seemingly this NNP fellow is very well known amongst those interested in british politics , so , as is the case with such things , certain people with negative views about him feel the need to insert questionable things in the wikipedia article about him .	26	32	VBP	feel	feels	6
in fact taking a closed disk in the interior of the fundamental domain , its images under different group elements are JJ and contained in a fixed disk about 0 .	15	20	VBP	are	is	5
the entire area in and around the airport is heavily VBN but a section is designated for civilian passengers .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
oscar 's grandson and shop owner claude RB accepts to take care of NNP , and we learn how those two , who have so little in common , get to understand each other and live together in the paris of the CD .	2	8	VBZ	accepts	accept	6
the only person who does n't seem to find her too much of a trial is NNP west , who has an JJ relationship with everyone he meets .	2	15	VBZ	is	are	13
the novel the sacrifice by NNP NNP also deals with a family that is displaced after a NN in their NN and who VBP to canada after losing two sons to the riot and barely surviving themselves .	1	8	VBZ	deals	deal	7
the components of an effective rehabilitation for all JJ injuries include increasing range of motion and progressive muscle VBG exercise .	1	10	VBP	include	includes	9
the NN NN , warm water , and its unusual character means the river is well known in international NN NN videos .	2	11	VBZ	means	mean	9
NNP has found out about the visit and try to capture him due to a NN who was given a change of identity in exchange , but NNP agents in the museum VBN as visitors help NNP to escape .	28	35	VBP	help	helps	7
adults who come forward with evidence that NNP handled the adoption have open access to records that may have involved their NNS .	0	11	VBP	have	has	11
same-sex divorce , NN , NN , media NN and corruption , political NNS , even NNP addiction gets a NN .	8	18	VBZ	gets	get	10
although the connection to the independence party is not as direct as in previous decades , the paper is sometimes criticized for VBG too much towards the party , especially in election seasons .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the phrase that you VBD at the end refers to the book , not to the word .	1	8	VBZ	refers	refer	7
the date of rank of a promotion or NN award often is the date associated with the promotion or award in reference to the officer who received the promotion or award in writings about the person or the war .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
charity in general tends to make people feel good about themselves , which is probably beneficial for health , but so far the only people that obviously benefit from blood NN are people with specific health issues , most frequently NN and NN .	24	31	VBP	are	is	7
according to saint NNP NNP , the priest and NN of the NNP VBZ the great , names the father of NNP as NNP , while the identity of the mother of NNP is unknown .	27	33	VBZ	is	are	6
theoretical writings on tactical doctrine in the late 1920s reflect soviet awareness that motor transport and armoured vehicles would potentially change the conduct of warfare .	1	9	VBP	reflect	reflects	8
like the saints that are now the supporting structures for the NNS , the themes of the past decade are now the NN for another extended reality in the everyday life of the NN - the political divisions of the working and JJ classes .	14	19	VBP	are	is	5
NNP diagram , the ground state is CD ( f ) , and the spin NN is a quartet .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
we are doing this so that we can assume that JJ NN factors and JJ NN factors are constant throughout the JJ ring .	12	17	VBP	are	is	5
other awards he received during his lifetime include racing journalist of the year in 1968 , the daily telegraph order of merit in 2003 and the peter NNP award for services to racing in 2008 .	1	7	VBP	include	includes	6
in the past , a JJ roll out of fixed line NN infrastructure is not JJ because the necessary investments to cover the long distances are too high .	6	13	VBZ	is	are	7
the first residence hall built on campus , NNP hall has single and double NN rooms available .	3	10	VBZ	has	have	7
foods that are believed to acquire a distinctive character from being prepared in a russian NN include VBN milk , pearl NN , NNS VBN in JJ cream , or even a simple NN .	0	16	VBP	include	includes	16
the two square VBG NNS in the centre of the front contain the NN and the bay window at the screens end of the hall .	4	11	VBP	contain	contains	7
closure of the JJ NN in the JJ NN occurs during the seventh week of development .	0	9	VBZ	occurs	occur	9
graham 's law states that the rate at which gas molecules VBP is RB proportional to the square root of its density .	6	12	VBZ	is	are	6
children under the age of five are free with an accompanying adult .	0	6	VBP	are	is	6
one way to reference a website is simply to add a link to it in the body of the article .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the following day , after being threatened by ash , NNP decides to make peace .	2	11	VBZ	decides	decide	9
this makes the song produced by NNP as sir bob provides vocals and NNP plays guitars while steve NNP and scott NNP dj the track with travis NNP 's NN .	3	10	VBZ	provides	provide	7
a NN resulting from the NN of wall NN required is that , unless the external dimensions of the building can be enlarged to VB , the internal floor area of the building may be less compared to traditional construction .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
by fighting his way through the NNS and VBG monsters , NNP 's circus troops , and a huge robot named NNP , max quickly VBZ together his JJ partners and his mentor NNP and boards a train out of palm NNP .	19	25	VBZ	gathers	gather	6
a small argument between NNP and NNP takes place .	2	7	VBZ	takes	take	5
in japan , the only system of collecting reports of large NNS along the japanese coast is the NNP NNP record - this applies only to VBN individuals , hence the limited knowledge about the biology of JJ right NNS in japan .	5	16	VBZ	is	are	11
the legislative districts of NNP , namely the first and second districts , are the representations of the province of NNP in the philippine house of representatives .	2	13	VBP	are	is	11
fragments of texts during this period indicate that arabs adopted the NN function ( inherited from indian mathematics ) instead of the NNS of arc used in NNP mathematics .	0	6	VBP	indicate	indicates	6
his good friend , NNP player NNP NNP lives in the same town as NNP .	2	8	VBZ	lives	live	6
one mechanism of action for NN NNS includes the formation of dna NNS .	1	7	VBZ	includes	include	6
they demonstrated for the first time the possibility of VBG JJ ( JJ ) objects with RB VBN materials that redirect radar , light or other waves around an object .	7	14	VBZ	objects	object	7
nonetheless , we believe that the phrase `` RB on premises '' coined in jones creates too broad a gauge for measurement of fourth amendment rights .	6	15	VBZ	creates	create	9
the other reason for this policy proposal is that it is a ( hopefully ) JJ compromise .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
time and time again '' is the second single from JJ rock band NNP NNP 's third album , NNP , and fifth released single in total .	0	5	VBZ	is	are	5
compared to the NNS in the fourth and fifth plans , the NNS during the sixth and the seventh plans show a definite shift in favour of the NN states .	12	20	VBP	show	shows	8
part of the reason the quality is so high is the fact his supporting quartet is so strong .	0	9	VBZ	is	are	9
the effects of eating the NNS are not consistent from story to story .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
c ( while a fairly lengthy selection of primary and secondary , it has only 14 inline citations or notes .	6	13	VBZ	has	have	7
the main transportation mode from one point to another is by boat .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
the NN with a single stage NNP is that it can be relatively JJ on product during start up and VB .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the primary occupation of NNP people in andhra pradesh is the collection and sale of fruits , seeds and grass .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
most editors , including those who are accused of bad acts , have ( to my eye ) acted in good faith .	1	12	VBP	have	has	11
the method of lighting the stage NNP outlined in a method of lighting the stage , known today as the NNP method , is still in wide use today .	1	23	VBZ	is	are	22
the paragraph on wright 's book needs some work .	1	6	VBZ	needs	need	5
its population as of the 2006 canadian census is just over 6 000 .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
when dorothy states that they might see the yellow brick road , tin man mentions that some parts of the NNP river are JJ .	17	22	VBP	are	is	5
a tributary of the yellow river flows through NNP NNP NNP .	1	6	VBZ	flows	flow	5
an important reason for the high NN is the virtually unlimited availability of dissolved carbon dioxide .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
NNP 's nickname , `` thompson '' , is actually a nom de FW VBG from his time as a soldier in the JJ croatian war of independence , during which he carried a thompson NN gun .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
wood products that have been installed and are used in an appropriate way tend to have a JJ environmental profile compared to RB equivalent products out of other materials .	1	13	VBP	tend	tends	12
the two small red flowers at the very top of the NN are perhaps NNS , which in the language of flowers VBP sleep ( though according to our article red ones mean true love ) .	4	12	VBP	are	is	8
the only key posts indians have not held are prime minister and defence minister .	3	8	VBP	are	is	5
support for programming the NNP NNP only requires NNP and is freely available .	0	7	VBZ	requires	require	7
NNP rule many times when any editor NNS oppose him .	3	8	VBP	oppose	opposes	5
the reason that NNS are VBN during alcohol NN is to manage alcohol withdrawal symptoms or syndrome .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the regular deletion discussion format breaks down ( in my opinion ) on contentious issues , and i think the rfc approach method of summaries and NNS is likely better in this situation .	22	27	VBZ	is	are	5
an avenue of NNS , around 200 years old , runs from north to south from the manor house to the NNP family NN and was once an element of the gardens .	1	10	VBZ	runs	run	9
many lawyers , legal scholars , government agencies and others use JJ NNS of texts published by private publishing companies .	1	10	VBP	use	uses	9
the basic JJ inventory of the NNP dialect is consistent with that of the standard japanese language .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
their article `` why JJ learning is so effective '' [ 4 ] VBZ to 12 points research by NNP and NNP 1997 ( corporate NNS ) [ 5 ] , and is cited by several websites .	1	13	VBZ	expands	expand	12
normally , the fluid that is being VBN is JJR than the NN that is being VBN , allowing an energy NN in the needed direction .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
the distinction between a NN and a master is unclear , and in many documents they appear to be JJ .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
JJ payment for temporary housing if the place of residence is JJ .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
the products and processes of ecological goods and services are complex and occur over long periods of time .	1	9	VBP	are	is	8
in a march 2009 interview , larry crane said that the estate of elliott smith was now `` defunct '' and all rights previously held by the singer are now in the control of `` his parents '' .	22	28	VBP	are	is	6
some NNS , such as NNP , carry a theological NN specific to their designer 's interpretation ; yet such meanings might not be associated with other variants on the same card , and they may not be acknowledged or referenced by any given reader .	1	7	VBP	carry	carries	6
NNS in the NNP expansion pack include NNP , ghost hunter , NNP , architectural designer , and NNP .	0	6	VBP	include	includes	6
the ship in the figure also shows the means of transportation with which they arrived in NNP .	1	6	VBZ	shows	show	5
NNP ) ) is defined so that the NN of the NNP line of NN is exactly CD .	8	15	VBZ	is	are	7
the last mention of NNP africa in NNP magazine is in 2009 .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
us 92 interchange on us 92 , the entrance is on the north ( right ) side of the road .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
while the most JJ NNS in both NNP and NNP counties lie on unincorporated county land or within JJ cities , away from u .	4	11	VBP	lie	lie	7
the both NNS on the eastern mountain are CD metres tall , the two others are smaller .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
many object databases , for example NNP or NNP , offer support for VBG .	2	10	VBP	offer	offers	8
alex , having spent all of his money on shopping goods , has n't had anything to eat or drink for over a week and the toll it takes on his body starts to show , as he both NNS and NNS blood .	26	32	VBZ	starts	start	6
the only ones who have to care about the identity of the suspects or NNS are the police .	2	15	VBP	are	is	13
every player VBZ five points for each customer remaining face up in front of them , or ten points for each NN , and the player with the highest amount of points is the winner .	25	32	VBZ	is	are	7
user NNP rarely VBP their goal given the circus like atmosphere that tends to VB ; either the dispute is already out of control , people JJ based on pov or NNS make a JJ NNP .	25	32	VBP	make	makes	7
across countries , women from lower JJ backgrounds tend to observe NN less because they face greater financial pressures to work and gain income .	3	8	VBP	tend	tends	5
that man in istanbul ( , , ) is a 1965 european international NN adventure film directed by antonio NNP and starring NNP NNP .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
sources provided in the article are primary , based entirely on a press release from the company , or just mention the company as a member of a trade association .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
since there are no national NNP NNP NNP in northern kerala , VBG students from NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP come to NNP NNP for the local NNS .	13	22	VBP	come	comes	9
fair use in new zealand women 's national rugby union IN this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	13	VBZ	is	are	12
as of april 16 , the first NNP album , 30 silver pieces , is currently available as a name your price or free download .	8	14	VBZ	is	are	6
NNP 's mother , NNP NNP NNP has a JJ relationship with NNP , and NNP takes advantage of this to fuel arguments between the two sides .	2	7	VBZ	has	have	5
the NNP is frequently cited as an anchor for molecular time to most recent common ancestor ( NNP ) determination because the two species of the genus pan , the NN and the NN , are the species most RB similar to NNP NNS .	23	35	VBP	are	is	12
the installation of a NNP noble on the throne of NNP marks a high point of JJ influence in the central maya NNS .	1	11	VBZ	marks	mark	10
coi or appearing VBN , but the idea that NNP is not sufficiently notable is just plain wrong .	7	14	VBZ	is	are	7
his son , NNP NNP , an NN of london school of economics , is the managing director .	1	14	VBZ	is	are	13
the company markets a range of beer brands from 19 NNS , ten of which are in russia , four in the baltic countries , three in ukraine , one in kazakhstan and one in NNP .	2	15	VBP	are	is	13
books five of the seven listed books appear to be NNS or other NN .	0	7	VBP	appear	appears	7
rescue CD - marion 2010 , is west lake 's straight rescue company ran out of station 48 .	0	6	VBZ	is	are	6
a scale ordered by increasing pitch is an VBG scale , while VBG scales are ordered by VBG pitch .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the JJ planet piece , as displayed online , is a paid travel listing , as are virtually all of the sources provided .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
NNP appreciated that the show 's villain , NNP NNP , is not `` the typical perfect NN girl '' but `` an JJ NN who is popular only thanks to her parents .	6	11	VBZ	is	are	5
this biographical article related to NN sports is a stub .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the inclusion of bermuda , NNP and papua and new guinea brings the total membership to JJ nations .	1	11	VBZ	brings	bring	10
the point of a user page is that you can write your own thoughts , opinions and NNS .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
another serious concern is a lack of references - my rule of NN is that every quote , every JJ , every extraordinary claim and every paragraph needs a ref .	16	27	VBZ	needs	need	11
a demonstration in NNP led by the president of the executive , NNP NN , turns into a riot in which a crowd of several thousand attacked the small force of NNS , who responded with NN charges and NN .	1	15	VBZ	turns	turn	14
NNS made to the group include home teaching and assisting adult males who are not yet NNS prepare to receive the NNP NN .	0	5	VBP	include	includes	5
one option that may be NN but which is guaranteed to work is to use NN server ( which is free ) .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
i can see what the problem with the current page is , so i 've addressed this in the rewrite .	5	10	VBZ	is	are	5
the historical story behind how NNP began using brown and orange as its school colors dates back to 1914 .	2	15	VBZ	dates	date	13
the international criminal court investigation in uganda or the situation in uganda is an ongoing investigation by the international criminal court ( NNP ) into the lord 's resistance army NN which has been taking place in northern uganda and neighbouring regions since 1987 .	4	12	VBZ	is	are	8
a victim with no pulse or NN is still alive , living off oxygen stored in the blood and may be able to be rescued if treatment is begun promptly within this window .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
i think the NN of this event , the closure of such a major highway , adds significant NNP to the 2008 toronto NNP explosion article .	3	16	VBZ	adds	add	13
this increase in national savings rates increases the stock of capital in developing countries already facing NNS of capital and leads to higher NN as the VBN capital is invested .	1	6	VBZ	increases	increase	5
but the standard for NN of NNP data is just a usual NN JJ counter .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the discovery of the unconscious also provides a biography of pierre janet and a summary of his theories .	1	6	VBZ	provides	provide	5
a nuclear war between iran and saudi arabia claims the lives of 20 million people .	2	8	VBZ	claims	claim	6
bias NN ( or cross NN ) construction VBZ body NN NNS that extend RB from NN to VB , usually at angles in the range of 30 to 40 degrees , with successive NNS laid at opposing angles forming a NN pattern to which the NN is applied .	1	8	VBZ	utilizes	utilize	7
thus the appearance of NN JJ NNP NN , and the danger it VBZ to hospital patients is a direct result of evolution through natural selection .	11	17	VBZ	is	are	6
however , results for NNP CD broadly agree that , relative to hydrogen , the NN abundance is about 0 .	2	7	VBP	agree	agrees	5
the road between NNP and NNP is the only road that is JJ during all seasons without difficulty .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
another project related to NNP , one with identical code but different licensing , is NNP .	1	14	VBZ	is	are	13
the recent addition of the NNP ' command and client channel windows provides another way to separate communication from real-time game information .	2	12	VBZ	provides	provide	10
his team in the NNP heaven consists of himself , NNP , and NNP ; this team is defeated by the team made up of NNP , NNP , and NNP .	1	6	VBZ	consists	consist	5
other notable NNS who support the peruvian origin of the plate include chilean christopher NNP and NNP NNP NNP , who in an interview stated , `` NNP was born in peru , and so the authentic and genuine [ NN ] is peruvian .	2	11	VBP	include	includes	9
when his son NNP ( NNP ) goes on a mission to research on NNP , he finds a buried NN that contains NNP ( NNP ) , and his NN ibn NNP ( NNP NNP ) alive inside .	2	7	VBZ	goes	go	5
home tests that use a chemical reaction to test for the presence of [ [ NN ] ] s and NN compounds on tongue NNS are now available , but there are few studies showing how well they actually detect the NN .	1	25	VBP	are	is	24
the concrete section of the wolf creek dam consists of 37 gravity NNS that comprise CD of the dam 's length , across the old river channel .	2	8	VBZ	consists	consist	6
the other aspect of personality which has a strong relationship to happiness is the genetic NN to NNP .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
if the variation of the test NN is strongly JJ , a NNP should not be used .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the author of the above article is JJ about removing a speedy deletion tag from the page .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
often , however , the actual partition which VBZ the actual NN from the NN is nothing but a short wall or even hanging NNS , but it might also be a completely separate room .	6	15	VBZ	is	are	9
fair enough , but i would point out that the verifiable line of succession to the british throne , on the british monarchy website , stops at 39 people , most of the wikipedia article on this subject is original research .	11	25	VBZ	stops	stop	14
NNS who are affiliated with NNP through their art and JJ trade associations often display the NNP logo as support of the NNP charter and guidelines .	0	14	VBP	display	displays	14
the boundary of `` civility '' is the point beyond which you damage your JJ relationship with another person , the point where the conversation VBZ to be about what you were talking about and begins to be VBN by how you 're talking about it .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the vision for the NNP NNP is that , if finished , it will provide a VBN , JJ global object registration authority that would help to prevent NNP object collision within complex NNP applications .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
a master of business studies ( NNP ) refers to a qualification in the degree of master that can be obtained by students of recognized universities and colleges who complete the relevant approved programmes of study , pass the NN examinations , and VB all other VBN conditions .	1	8	VBZ	refers	refer	7
other streams flowing into the NNP in its later course include the NNP and the NNP , near the town of NNP .	1	10	VBP	include	includes	9
today only parts of the portal and NN remain , as well as the NN and NN barn ( NN NN ) .	2	8	VBP	remain	remains	6
JJ analysis , also known as sector analysis , is a statistical analysis of the size , JJ , NN , competitive , and other economic dimensions of a sector of the economy .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the problem with referencing this topic is that shell accounts have not been in widespread usage in about 15 years .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
a publication about NNP , published by NNP , is a JJ website .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
since questions about jews and the holocaust are so common here , i thought i 'd add another .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
so , user , that is VBN to maintenance old NNS is easy to maintenance these new tram .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
clubs VBG for riders ' rights such as the motorcycle action group , and NNS like the the royal british legion riders branch are also popular .	14	23	VBP	are	is	9
letters to and from him are in NNP 's illustrations of literature .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
a field hunter , or a fox hunter , is a type of horse used in the hunt field for fox hunting .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the way to get him to stop reverting your edits before you have a chance to get suitable sources is to get the suitable sources and put them in the article at the same time you are putting in the content .	1	19	VBZ	is	are	18
the editor who rushed to file a complaint is NNP , who can himself be VBN to have violated the ban in the same way NNP could .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
other members of the NNP cluster operate from the 62 JJ NNP business park in NNP such as NNP - cambridge research NNP , NNP and NNP .	1	6	VBP	operate	operates	5
due to the design of NNP mail , recipient mail servers receiving these VBN messages have no simple standard way to determine the NN of the NN .	10	15	VBP	have	has	5
the number of nodes switching ( and NN , amount of current drawn ) drops off rapidly after the clock edge , reaching zero just before the next clock edge .	1	14	VBZ	drops	drop	13
it is the direct result of the law of conservation of energy , which requires that the sum of JJ and potential energy is constant at all points along the orbit .	17	23	VBZ	is	are	6
here we see that the period of CD NN 7 is 6 .	5	10	VBZ	is	are	5
the range of about 101 square kilometers is near the border of hungary and its NNP wine region .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
texas alone has over a hundred counties with a population of 10 , 000 or less ; the notion that the mayor of a county seat is notable by that fact alone is JJ .	18	32	VBZ	is	are	14
rivers and NNS flowing into ross lake include the upper NNP river , NNP creek , silver creek , little beaver creek , arctic creek , lightning creek , devils creek , big beaver creek , and ruby creek .	0	7	VBP	include	includes	7
meaning of `` NNP '' the name NNP is of sanskrit origin , and means `` earth '' .	0	8	VBZ	is	are	8
balance NNP 1958 , NNP NNP proposed the balance theory , which stated that a system of NN and VBG relationships is balanced if the product of the NN of all relationships within the system is positive .	25	35	VBZ	is	are	10
the only edit of mine that was vandalism is the NNP one .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
another version of the white county find has john NNP finding a NN NN along NNP creek .	1	7	VBZ	has	have	6
one response to the potential NNS of overhead power lines is to place them underground .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
another significant change that aims to improve network NN is the automatic NN of NNP receive window .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
NNS without liquid ( NNP ) are a set of NNS that VBP alcohol into NN by mixing it with oxygen for NN .	0	6	VBP	are	is	6
proportional division or simple fair division is the original and JJS problem in fair division .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
support having the NNS to close the NNP deletion debate , and to explain his opinion in detail through a JJ deletion review , shows the ability to handle controversial cases with wisdom and NN .	0	24	VBZ	shows	show	24
this type of JJ lens , paired with a conventional optical lens is therefore able to reveal patterns too small to be VBN with an ordinary optical NN .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
social NN colonies of this size often have populations of between three and ten thousand female workers , although a small proportion of NNS are seen that are over three feet across and potentially contain NNS of twenty thousand workers and at least one queen .	2	7	VBP	have	has	5
the purpose of this JJ article is to discuss the experimental uncertainty analysis of a derived quantity , based on the NNS in the RB measured quantities that are used in some form of mathematical relationship ( `` model '' ) to VB that derived quantity .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
of any JJ world the reader demands that it seem real , and the standard of NN demanded today is much JJR than in the time , say , of NNP .	14	19	VBZ	is	are	5
the structure of the thesis or NN explains the purpose , the previous research literature which VBZ on the topic of the study , the methods used and the findings of the project .	1	7	VBZ	explains	explain	6
mental health professionals and academics in psychology and NN that have studied NNS specifically , have JJ NNS concerning the positions taken by cult NNS within the fields of religious studies and sociology .	2	15	VBP	have	has	13
researchers who VBP a set of so-called `` core domains '' suggest that children are JJ NN to specific kinds of patterns of information .	0	11	VBP	suggest	suggests	11
the game of VBG NNP with a sharp stick has long since lost its NN .	1	9	VBZ	has	have	8
his mother 's link to the lancashire NNP family is somewhat of a mystery .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
his first appearance in the lancashire eleven dates back to the season of 1877 .	2	7	VBZ	dates	date	5
huge price NNS between the h shares and the a share counterparts of the same company are not uncommon .	2	16	VBP	are	is	14
in terms of both NN and copyright , the author of a text not only `` owns '' the precise , creative language he or she uses , but less JJ creative features of presentation , which may incorporate the structure of the piece and the choice of facts .	9	16	VBZ	owns	own	7
for example , the arms of the united states of america and the arms of the various presidents of the united states of america are not the same .	4	24	VBP	are	is	20
the maximum point blank range ( NNP ) for the NNP load is .	4	12	VBZ	is	are	8
generations of people had earned a living and formed a life at the NN but this is thrown into NN when NN NNS and the NN workers find themselves JJ overnight .	22	27	VBP	find	finds	5
all JJ NNS , including linear NNS , have some thermal output noise .	2	8	VBP	have	has	6
the figure in blue NNS towards the right is the duke himself , seated at the table in front of the fire place .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
lds video used by missionaries again is different .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
this JJ speculation , then , which has been subject to no scientific NN of any kind , accounts for nearly one third of the total article .	2	18	VBZ	accounts	account	16
the anniversary of the revolution 's outbreak , 15 march , is one of hungary 's three national holidays .	1	11	VBZ	is	are	10
they would want to go out to one of their houses and find that each room , each coffee table , each NN and NN already has the best books in many subject areas and is always updated with great new titles .	15	26	VBZ	has	have	11
quality of life after treatment depends heavily on the area of the brain that housed the NN .	0	5	VBZ	depends	depend	5
for reference books , reviews in the media and the like are more important .	4	11	VBP	are	is	7
intelligence battalions , attached to NNP headquarters groups , are to plan and direct , collect , process , produce and VBP intelligence , and provide NN support .	1	9	VBP	are	is	8
another reconstruction , similar to the previous ones but without references whatsoever to distant china , has that the family originally VBN from NNP ( present northern afghanistan ) under the reign of NNP ii of armenia , NNP m .	1	16	VBZ	has	have	15
one wish '' , written by per NNP and performed by swedish pop duo NNP , is the first single released from their 2006 album NNP hits , the first release from NNP since 2003 .	1	16	VBZ	is	are	15
the NN of policy , both domestic and international , is then RB , it is simply the pursuit of the nation 's identified national interest .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
one evening the group is arrested , and at the police station NNP meets dr .	1	13	VBZ	meets	meet	12
the whole purpose and intent of wikipedia guidelines is to help maintain and improve articles .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
in architecture , a hood NN , also called a label NN ( from latin NN , NN ) or NN , is an external VBN projection from a wall over an opening to throw off NN .	11	22	VBZ	is	are	11
fair use in score ( film ) though this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
the city that holds the world record for attendance to this event is cape town , south africa with CD , 000 attending in 2012 .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
based on NNP 's ideas , NNP indicated that the creation of the organizational reality is a JJ process in which actors interpret and construct their own reality , VBG meaning to their actions in the context of their JJ experiences .	10	15	VBZ	is	are	5
the most recent town to be given a county court is RB , in 1965 , although this closed in 2000 .	3	10	VBZ	is	are	7
at speedy 's NN joint , a chance meeting with film producer jake NNP ( also JJ ) sets off rex 's teaching career .	8	18	VBZ	sets	set	10
the JJ NN JJ NNS mentioning the agent , and the underlying object gets JJ as surface subject , e .	2	13	VBZ	gets	get	11
concerns listed in the review section include issues related to sourcing , prose and images .	0	6	VBP	include	includes	6
their name , which literally means `` JJ '' , is sometimes also VBZ `` NNP '' , `` NNP '' , `` NNP '' , or `` NNP '' .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
each cd version ( including the two NNS ) has a different colour NN and disc .	2	9	VBZ	has	have	7
party leaders in such governments often have the authority to VB members of the party who violate the party line .	1	6	VBP	have	has	5
NNP acids , also known as JJ acids , are a type of JJ natural NNS formed from JJ acid .	1	9	VBP	are	is	8
the principal threat to the NNP NNP is habitat loss .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
given the image , and the method for study , perhaps the appropriate target is NNP NN .	6	14	VBZ	is	are	8
only three places in the united states use letters to VB a residence where a vehicle was registered .	2	7	VBP	use	uses	5
as of 2009 , NNP 's 1998 recording of `` no matter what '' is the most recent new song or project written at least in part by NNP , or to contain any new work of his at all , to achieve major , chart VBG success .	7	14	VBZ	is	are	7
an example of a large market is NNP weekend market in bangkok .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the author of the miller article cites himself , which is JJ to say the least .	1	6	VBZ	cites	cite	5
the JJ impact on the NN movement in israel is fluid , and it can be said that the NNS were the original NNS in israel .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
additionally , the effect of the gulf stream on the clyde helps NNP 's average temperature stay approximately one degree above that of eastern coastal towns on the same NN .	3	11	VBZ	helps	help	8
i agree that the controversy about using the NNP group as a source is now largely JJ since i found an alternate , free , accessible source for the 1880 census info ( as cited in the draft ) .	4	13	VBZ	is	are	9
however in volume two it is revealed that her body double `` lisa '' is the real owner of the white NNP .	9	14	VBZ	is	are	5
NN to apply it here , but my vote is still delete ; fictional political parties created as classroom NNS are educational , but not RB notable .	15	20	VBP	are	is	5
the large fragments of ancient woodland , NNS and wet meadows are of special conservation value .	2	11	VBP	are	is	9
NNP , ten years in NNP 2 ) , the majority of NNP 's population is dead ; the few that survive have either become JJ `` NNS '' , or survivors that have VBN themselves from the NNP .	10	15	VBZ	is	are	5
the peruvian NN ( NNP NN ) is a large NN found in the southeast pacific ocean , off the NNS of peru , ecuador , and chile .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
classic cases of metal failures due to stress concentrations include metal NN at the corners of the windows of the de NNP NNP aircraft and JJ NNS at the corners of NNS in liberty ships in cold and JJ conditions in winter storms in the atlantic ocean .	1	9	VBP	include	includes	8
sydney buses and NNP of australia have both purchased large numbers of buses built on the NNP chassis .	1	6	VBP	have	has	5
the city of NNP , ontario , canada contains many named NNS .	1	8	VBZ	contains	contain	7
as long as the signal strength is above a minimum threshold , and no NN is occurring , the quality of the data received is better than an analog signal at the same strength .	19	24	VBZ	is	are	5
the source of most of these NNS is greece .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the most well-known example of such a similarity is that gothic and NNP called both adult and young sheep lamb .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
he says that people who think NNP NNP is sixteen are NNS .	3	10	VBP	are	is	7
the meaning of the word `` million '' is common to the short scale and long scale numbering systems , unlike the larger numbers , which have different names in the two systems .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the process of converting NN to light requires a liquid medium of NN combination consisting JJ organic NNS and organic NNS .	1	7	VBZ	requires	require	6
a new mode known as NNP mode is in the game .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
some JJ cells of higher NN origin , such as immune cells also move to where they need to be .	2	13	VBP	move	moves	11
NNP sees NNP leaving the club ; when he runs inside to see what happened , the sight of NNP 's body on the floor leaves him devastated and wanting revenge .	17	25	VBZ	leaves	leave	8
however , alexander NNP has suggested NNP might be not be a NN but a NN member of the NNP instead or , if the lack of fusion between NN and NN is JJ , even a sister NN of the NNP .	25	32	VBZ	is	are	7
she claims that the only reason children die or suffer permanent disability from these diseases is due to medical NN .	5	15	VBZ	is	are	10
the upper small tone leading to the final note of the NN , has a slightly different NN with respect to the JJ movement , at least according to the practice among educated NNS of the ottoman empire during the eighteenth century .	3	13	VBZ	has	have	10
the most senior officer of the royal army NNP department , the JJ , holds the rank of major general .	3	14	VBZ	holds	hold	11
strong keep this historically rare presidential speech is , well , just that .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the sole justification for the commons deletion is that the image had been deleted as part of the august 30th mass nomination i am asking to be reviewed here .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
a prison ship , often more precisely termed prison NN , is a vessel ( usually JJ ) VBN as a prison , often to hold NNS or with the british , often civilian NNP , VBG transportation to a NNP colony .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
NN NNS such as waves , storms , exposure , rain and the like are deeply explored .	1	14	VBP	are	is	13
a medical college in village NNP near NNP is also under construction .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
while the primary material used is wood , the construction of walls with metal NNS , and concrete NN with JJ metal forms is a NN skill .	9	23	VBZ	is	are	14
the JJ edge of the NN opening is JJ .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the first unit of the NNP nuclear generating station , the first commercial nuclear power station in canada , goes online .	2	19	VBZ	goes	go	17
some other artifacts that survived the NN are also on display in the museum .	2	7	VBP	are	is	5
my favourite prime minister , full NN , is conservative sir charles NNP , but solely because of his great , great NNS .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
in the canadian forces , the rank of JJ ( NNP ) ( JJ or NNP in french ) is an army or air force rank equal to a JJ of the navy .	6	19	VBZ	is	are	13
teenage parents who can rely on family and community support , social services and JJ support are more likely to continue their education and get higher paying jobs as they progress with their education .	1	16	VBP	are	is	15
in my view the use of this image for christopher clayton is NN .	4	11	VBZ	is	are	7
similar claims for the NNP and other NN aircraft are more suspect .	1	9	VBP	are	is	8
numbers attending ( rough ) so the NNP and the venue VBP properly .	0	11	VBP	integrate	integrates	11
more RB , the number of authors publishing a certain number of articles is a fixed ratio to the number of authors publishing a single article .	4	13	VBZ	is	are	9
participants in the top NNP competition create teams to develop innovative ideas into real businesses and showcase intellectual properties developed by louisiana tech researchers and students .	0	6	VBP	create	creates	6
episode 4 ( divorce ) rogers VBZ the day he VBD an electric car .	0	6	VBZ	recalls	recall	6
a JJ period in which a strike was JJ with defeat and NN is over .	2	13	VBZ	is	are	11
the posts of mayor and deputy mayor of gibraltar are JJ and thus JJ .	1	9	VBP	are	is	8
nearly every single article , hundreds of them , is the same .	3	9	VBZ	is	are	6
similar to the projection of several parallel lines , the measurement via a projected circle or other JJ figures on the JJ surface is possible .	10	23	VBZ	is	are	13
the distinction between language and dialect is thus RB made at least as much on a political basis as on a linguistic one , and can lead to great political controversy , or even armed conflict .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the musical soundtrack for the NNP NNP channel series NNP NNP features extensive use of the NN , particularly in the 3rd season , NNP of JJ music appear in electronic music .	2	11	VBZ	features	feature	9
the competitive strength of NNP over other NNP NN competition , however , is in its manufacturing and planning applications .	2	13	VBZ	is	are	11
the first person to get the ball to any of the local NNS by tradition receives a free drink .	2	15	VBZ	receives	receive	13
the three chains , connected by a suspension ring , are each fixed to the plate by an JJ NN .	2	10	VBP	are	is	8
the NNS in the outer layer NN when they get wet , preventing further NN of water .	1	9	VBP	get	gets	8
in `` the eleventh NNP '' , a track from the walls came down , NNP addresses child abuse , suggesting `` honor JJ children '' as an eleventh NN to accompany the ten NNP .	8	16	VBZ	addresses	address	8
delete probably a hoax and probably even an attack page if the subjects named in the article are real .	12	17	VBP	are	is	5
the teams of the netherlands , sweden and switzerland are on the places four to six , the are qualified with this result for the 2012 summer olympics .	1	9	VBP	are	is	8
the other main source of revenue for the NN operators is subscription fees .	3	10	VBZ	is	are	7
a collection of mature technologies called seasonal thermal energy storage ( NNP ) is capable of VBG heat for months at a time , so solar heat collected primarily in summer can be used for JJ heating .	1	13	VBZ	is	are	12
the route , located within tucker county and grant county , runs parallel to the maryland state line for most of its length .	1	11	VBZ	runs	run	10
NNP model cars may use these batteries , especially as NNP and NNP NNS as a direct replacement of NNP NNS or NNP NNS without need for voltage NN , as they provide 6 .	13	32	VBP	provide	provides	19
the introduction of this new signal now gives NNP two separate stations with extensive reach in the washington , dc area , and VBZ the reach of NNP .	1	7	VBZ	gives	give	6
a boat cruise on the river NNP to NNP , NNP , NNP through the NNS at NNP NNP , is a major attraction along with the city view NNP river trip ( you can get information from NNP ) .	2	20	VBZ	is	are	18
NNP said that `` the songs that are on the first album are simply the first ones that were finished .	5	12	VBP	are	is	7
administration or NNP has determined that quality of teachers in NNP states is better than all india .	6	12	VBZ	is	are	6
the climate in the area of NNP is typical for england and especially the area , being of a JJ nature .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
at birth , members of the royal family have no arms .	3	8	VBP	have	has	5
just like NNP law for NN radiation , the law of NNP and NNP fails at low temperatures .	9	14	VBZ	fails	fail	5
the location for the NNP chi house is actually the alpha delta chapter house of alpha NNP NNP , located at CD east franklin street in chapel hill .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the first song , `` NN '' ( which stands for international NNP opera ) begins with the word `` night , '' which VBZ until the short NNP chorus is sung ( which itself is just a NN from the song `` NNS in NNP '' ) .	2	15	VBZ	begins	begin	13
the entrance to the NNP NNP bloc is the NNP NNP junction , which is located just west of the intersection of route 60 and route CD .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
pilots from denmark , singapore , great britain , italy , hungary , germany , finland and many other allied nations train at NNP NNP NNP every year , ensuring the base 's future with the canadian forces .	0	21	VBP	train	trains	21
according to perry link , pressure on western institutions also takes more subtle forms , including academic NN , whereby research on NNP NNP could result in a NN of NN for NN in china .	5	10	VBZ	takes	take	5
the punishment for a woman who has an abortion otherwise is six months to 2 years in prison and the punishment for a doctor or other person who performs the procedure is 1 to 3 years .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
the highest peak in the NNP NNP mountains is NNP in clare which rises to CD ( 1 , CD ) .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
airports , railroads , and rivers complete the commercial transportation modes for west virginia .	0	6	VBP	complete	completes	6
a young woman named NNP ( robin wright ) lives on a farm in the fictional country of NNP .	2	9	VBZ	lives	live	7
a persistent question with which comparative NNS have been faced is the relative intelligence of different species of animal .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
these 160 consist mostly of personnel actually deployed to carry out operations and the occupation of the coast guard bases .	2	19	VBZ	bases	base	17
the storyline of NNP network transmission takes place during the first decade of the 21st century ( `` CD '' ) , one month after the original NNP battle network .	1	6	VBZ	takes	take	5
the tenth level , a flat NN with two NNP aliens and one door , VBZ this NN .	2	15	VBZ	illustrates	illustrate	13
products promoted by the group include NNP live !	0	5	VBP	include	includes	5
changes during the franchise period are noted but changes to the lines before and after the franchise are not .	8	17	VBP	are	is	9
NNS of species that VBP in eating NN , NN , or flowers themselves , are important NNS of some plants such as members of the NNP and NNP , that produce JJ amounts of NN .	0	15	VBP	are	is	15
the largest bodies of water in the bay area are the san francisco bay , san pablo bay , and NNP bay .	2	9	VBP	are	is	7
a JJ NN , who has suffered many personal troubles , including the death of his wife and NN cancer , decides to literally put god on trial for crimes against humanity .	2	21	VBZ	decides	decide	19
NN in cars and light trucks occurs for many reasons .	0	6	VBZ	occurs	occur	6
october and march , warm winds blow from the amazon basin in the north , while the period between may and august brings cold winds from the NNP .	17	22	VBZ	brings	bring	5
times change and the modern day comes .	1	6	VBZ	comes	come	5
the culture of papua new guinea is highly diverse , as implied by the existence of over 800 languages in the country .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
every second week of october , puerto NNP hosts a festival called NN .	2	8	VBZ	hosts	host	6
the limited NN characteristics of NN NN batteries make them useful in applications where the batteries must be stored for long periods of time with little maintenance while maintaining a ready state .	3	8	VBP	make	makes	5
a reef NN east of shark rock creates a small NN break .	2	7	VBZ	creates	create	5
minor characters in NNP that some of these characters belong in .	1	9	VBP	belong	belongs	8
a monument next to the downtown santa cruz post office has a small circular plaza surrounded by marble posts topped with bronze maps of several of the sister cities .	1	10	VBZ	has	have	9
he then finds out that the only reason kevin got an assistant is to help him find his NN .	7	12	VBZ	is	are	5
thus a map between two JJ sets is JJ if and only if it is a continuous map between the corresponding NNP spaces .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
a passing mention of a person in cnn or a blog only tells me that the person exists and that is not in dispute .	2	12	VBZ	tells	tell	10
quotes from him about the company are inadequate to prove he is notable , and only suggest that perhaps he should be mentioned in the article about the company , to VB information about it .	0	6	VBP	are	is	6
certain NNS ( such as , , and ) are generally long but are shortened before NNS and voiced NNS .	1	9	VBP	are	is	8
the main concern about smoking and NN is that NNS may have JJ NNS to the milk NN content .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
your oppose on the other hand makes me sad .	1	6	VBZ	makes	make	5
however , my NN response to anyone who asks if it 's okay to make money being a wikipedia consultant is to ask , `` probably not -- if you intend to hire wikipedians who have real experience with this project .	4	20	VBZ	is	are	16
the reverse ( NN ) function is not JJ , so the forward ( JJ ) function is not a NN .	12	17	VBZ	is	are	5
the NNP clan ( alternatively NNP ) is an NNP clan led by NNP NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the name in the JJ baltic languages has the same meaning ( , ) .	1	7	VBZ	has	have	6
the lyrics of NNP di NN describe a JJ JJ attitude , VBD to an unknown , JJ NN universe .	1	6	VBP	describe	describes	5
intent on seeking NN , NNP takes his father 's broken sword ( the titular blade ) and leaves the factory after VBG his master NN .	0	6	VBZ	takes	take	6
fair use for piece of wonder since it VBZ an important part of the game ( the cover ) , it is JJ , and is JJ by a free image .	1	8	VBZ	illustrates	illustrate	7
edits to ones own talk page are not forbidden .	0	6	VBP	are	is	6
the van NNP vehicle generation , in the fleet since 2000 , similarly offers only JJ NNS .	4	13	VBZ	offers	offer	9
first NNS ( for ordinary differential equations ) are functions that remain constant along any given solution of the system , the constant depending on the solution .	1	8	VBP	are	is	7
other forms of financing for film projects include grants given by organisations such as the NNP film institute , which offers funding for regional NNS through its NNP ( middle east and north africa ) grant system .	1	7	VBP	include	includes	6
net article i already cited above apparently is not .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the location and care of angel 's plane remains controversial , with sections of the JJ military RB in favor of returning the airplane to the museum in NNP , replacing it with a NN at NNP NNP airport .	1	8	VBZ	remains	remain	7
many prominent members of the ruby dynasty ruling the NNP empire are NNS .	2	11	VBP	are	is	9
the only thing that VBZ this from any other murder case is the NN surrounding it .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
the year we make contact ) is a 1984 american science fiction film written and directed by peter NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
fair use rationale for sing it back and NNP is a sound sample from a commercial recording .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
many developing countries , as well as indigenous populations within developed countries , still carry a significant burden of JJ fever and JJ heart disease and there has been a NN in efforts to VB the diseases in these populations .	2	14	VBP	carry	carries	12
the minimum age for a driving license is 18 years old .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
in pursuit of academic excellence , christian formation , leadership and service , university of la NNP continues to offer JJ education that provides an opportunity for NN and NN .	7	17	VBZ	continues	continue	10
i 've listed this article for peer review because i disagree with the notion that the personality covered in this biography stub plays a major role in the singapore food industry , much less so with the notion that there could be a `` NNP NNP '' in singapore .	16	22	VBZ	plays	play	6
anyway , my NN is that this proposal for deletion will be shot down in flames , if the whole picture debate in the NN article is anything to go by .	21	26	VBZ	is	are	5
the exploration of the JJ eastern parts of germany begins , and results in the founding of cities such as NNP .	1	9	VBZ	begins	begin	8
the story of NNP 's death in the opera draws from two different chapters in the novel , one relating NNP 's death and the other relating NNP 's .	1	9	VBZ	draws	draw	8
for the JJ NN , the only way to VB two terms is to VB them ( `` VB '' them ) , and thus solving a JJ NN is simple .	7	12	VBZ	is	are	5
for example , de NNP 's idea that participation is more important than winning ( `` NNP JJS de FW '' ) is at odds with the ideals of the greeks .	6	22	VBZ	is	are	16
edgar rice NNP ' adventure book `` the land that time NNP '' claims to be a bottle manuscript , and the 4th paragraph ends with `` in two minutes you will forget me .	5	24	VBZ	ends	end	19
the effect of the NN of a NNP NN is to enhance the effective NN NN .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
alignment with other seven NN JJ receptors shows that NNP lacks the highly VBN dry NN in the second JJ loop of the protein that is known to be associated with NNP NN .	0	7	VBZ	shows	show	7
the views expressed on this recording are solely those of the artist , and by no means do we encourage or VB violence against law officials .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
NNP exotic tropical island in the NNP ocean is home to a host of JJ golf courses .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
michael 's play in the down county league and their most notable player to date is george NNP , who came from NNP and won two senior NNS with down in 1960 and 1961 .	2	15	VBZ	is	are	13
a source of NN in the JJ response is from the JJ period , where brain activity from a presented NN VBZ further activity on a subsequent , similar , NN .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the other landscape in the first photo is the three NNP ( 1895 ) by thomas NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the people he meets round NNS pass on news and NN and tell stories , so that sometimes the reader can VB information by putting these second hand stories together with the action of the narrative .	1	6	VBP	pass	passes	5
the danger associated with presenting this other act evidence is that the jury will VB the defendant because of his past actions , not because of his actions in this case .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
jean claude NNP 's screenplay , directed by larry NNP , makes one remember why millions of people used to enjoy movies .	4	11	VBZ	makes	make	7
use of the template official website is optional .	0	6	VBZ	is	are	6
also , a JJ JJ NN ( expanded second NN arch ) seems to be characteristic of higher NN NN .	5	12	VBZ	seems	seem	7
this elevated station , opened on september 5 , 1885 and renovated in JJ , has one island platform and two tracks .	2	15	VBZ	has	have	13
the NNP baseball team 's career leader in wins as a coach is david wong with CD .	6	12	VBZ	is	are	6
maybe the reason why some of those editors look like single purpose to you is that the article VBZ them away from editing anything else , for fear of more of the same NN .	2	14	VBZ	is	are	12
as NNP , she was praised for her dramatic fire and NN , and tapes of the early nbc opera appearances show her an NN presence on camera .	14	21	VBP	show	shows	7
NNS expressing the swiss marked pattern have a black ( JJ NN ) body and RB and tan ( JJ NN ) legs , ears , and facial stripes .	0	6	VBP	have	has	6
but the trend toward the NN of the romanian NNS seems to begin with NNP NNP .	2	10	VBZ	seems	seem	8
australia 's only memorial to australian air force cadets occupies a prominent position on the grounds , and a memorial service attended by the cadets has been held annually since it was opened by the state governor lieutenant general john NNP in 1946 .	3	9	VBZ	occupies	occupy	6
the relatively fluid nature of the content policy and guidelines is a concern .	3	10	VBZ	is	are	7
universal terminology exchange ( NNP ) format is a standard specifically designed to be used for user NNS of machine translation , but it can be used for general , JJ NNS .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
NNP string band old crow medicine show 's 2012 album , carry me back , derives its name from CD me back to old NNP ' .	9	15	VBZ	derives	derive	6
other musicians with whom NNP has played include wayne NNP , NNP NNP , adam rogers , chris potter , NNP blake , logan richardson , ben van NNP , marcus NNP , dan NNP .	1	7	VBP	include	includes	6
NNP takes a comprehensive approach to network management to help network teams understand how changes in the it and network environment affect application and business service views .	14	21	VBP	affect	affects	7
the condition of the NNP in england in 1844 '' quotes a local doctor , dr .	1	10	VBZ	quotes	quote	9
designers who contributed to the complex on CD street include james brown lord , bruce price , and clarence s .	0	9	VBP	include	includes	9
NNS based on drug type seem arbitrary to me ( other than , perhaps a distinction of NN to VB alcohol , NN , and NN , which are widely legal , and substantially different in their level of social NN .	0	5	VBP	seem	seems	5
the reason i am bringing this to afd rather than VBG it as a speedy deletion is that we are getting many of these pages created at present after the mumbai NNS .	1	16	VBZ	is	are	15
a particularly important JJ NN of the NNP group is the JJ group ; it is central to the theory of many NNS , JJ forms , JJ curves and JJ equations .	4	9	VBZ	is	are	5
all that text in your above paragraphs that you keep calling evidence is not even close .	2	12	VBZ	is	are	10
as at 2012 , more than half of iran 's population is under 35 years old .	6	11	VBZ	is	are	5
the friendship between the NNP and NNP dates back to 1994 , when NNP and NNP played for the entering into the yugoslav cup final .	1	7	VBZ	dates	date	6
artistic director , NN , and set designer is NNP NNP .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
the space of sections of this vector NN is the induced representation .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
members of the dec police are new york state police officers .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
NNS of NN NN from argentina are in the form of a paste and must be further processed .	0	6	VBP	are	is	6
the eastern edge of the scotia plate is a spreading ridge bounded by the south NNP VBP forming the east scotia ridge .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
however , as mentioned , the NNP rules that , unusually , we are to accept the jerusalem NNP 's definition in this case .	7	13	VBP	are	is	6
additional benefits for silver card members include advance seat NNS , priority NN , business class NN NNS , extra NN NN , priority NN handling and business class NN access when flying NNP pacific or NNP operated flights .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
short lived though it was as a fashion trend , the influence of the JJ style continues to make its influence felt in current fashion .	11	16	VBZ	continues	continue	5
other islands also in the immediate vicinity of the tip of hall peninsula include the harper islands , bear island , little hall island , and hudson island .	1	13	VBP	include	includes	12
the group , which had over 50 thousand members as of january 2002 , is strongly JJ and is openly endorsed by president vladimir NNP 's administration .	1	14	VBZ	is	are	13
a popular NN associated with the movement of ibn NNP NN is the NN of the legal schools of NN , however documentation of a letter correspondence by ibn NNP NN recorded by his son NNP VBZ this accusation .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
this wooden gothic house , designed by frederick NNP , has a chapel and an JJ NN .	3	10	VBZ	has	have	7
factors pertaining to economic NN - the presence of substitute NNS , marginal consumers , whole sale and retail markets , and transaction costs all affect - can lead to significant NN after the sudden loss of monopoly or NN of an information environment .	0	25	VBP	affect	affects	25
the final arctic convoy of world war ii , convoy NNP 67 , VBZ NNP flow for the NNP inlet in the soviet union VBD by the british aircraft carrier hms queen .	3	13	VBZ	departs	depart	10
one of the three is NNP national forest , which is only CD acres , completely managed by another forest , and the only mention of it on the NNP website is that it was transferred to become NNP air force base .	24	31	VBZ	is	are	7
the use of the designated NN rule in amateur baseball is nearly universal .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
the first course , as with NN aircraft support , is the basic drivers course .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
e section 7 , the taylor county airport is the only public airport in the county .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
although the theatre is considered large with about 2000 seats , the viewing distance between the JJS seat and the stage is just CD , thus allowing NNS a clear view of what 's going on on stage .	13	21	VBZ	is	are	8
the town of NNP de NNP has around CD inhabitants .	1	6	VBZ	has	have	5
the name `` NNP NNP '' is a pseudonym that NNP selected for the organization , using his own nickname `` NNP '' ; the word `` NNP '' was believed to be in reference to a character in chinese mythology who was the NN of children .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
an additional portion of the field house serves as the wrestling gym during the winter season , but can be used as a JJ center and study area during the fall and spring seasons .	2	7	VBZ	serves	serve	5
the use of the expression NNP to refer to the NNP in general is a NN of the phrase NNP ( which literally means `` interpretation of the NNP '' ) .	1	13	VBZ	is	are	12
JJ NN 2 receptor ( NNP ) is a protein that in human is encoded by the NNP gene located on NN 17 .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
an index of the NN archive is online .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
baroque NNS , NNS and NNS use strings of sheep NN and NNS of an earlier design , rather than the NN string instruments VBN with steel strings played by conventional NNS .	1	6	VBP	use	uses	5
the statistical area `` NNP '' , which also can include the surrounding countryside , has a population of around 120 .	2	15	VBZ	has	have	13
people who love to NNS are JJR than people who do n't .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
the film cuts to a house where a man , NNP NNP ( alfred NNP ) is on a ladder VBG up a welcome home sign for jesse .	8	16	VBZ	is	are	8
the correct name of the dutch submarine is NNP .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the JJ analysis , on the other hand , VBZ the sentence as being composed of attributes , which include features such as number and NN or functional units such as subject , NN , or object .	2	9	VBZ	treats	treat	7
the rocks underlying the house and lake are gray sandstone with NNS and some NN , from the NNP NNP formation , and formed more than CD million years ago .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
the skin that forms on VBN milk is another common example of JJ protein .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the wikipedia page on the foreign relations of ghana is , to say the least , not very helpful , and a google search has turned up little of positive value .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the NNP water parks ( JJ NN ) are open every year from july 1 to august 31 , from 10 a .	3	8	VBP	are	is	5
a web exclusive segment introduced in season two where NNP will bring up a particular ad that he , or viewers , NN and has the panel discuss it , whether it is bad or not , or why it is bad .	3	24	VBZ	has	have	21
things that simon draws upon the NN become real in `` the land of NNP drawings '' , which simon can enter by climbing over a fence near his home with a ladder , VBG with his NN drawings , including his NN friend henry .	0	7	VBP	become	becomes	7
attempts at creating a sense of atmospheric depth are evident in many of the NNS .	0	8	VBP	are	is	8
his new solo album , notes from a small country , supported by creative scotland , features contemporary repertoire for soprano NN and wind NN , including his own works , as well as others by tom david wilson , sally NNP , ian stewart , charlotte NNP .	3	16	VBZ	features	feature	13
NNS of NNP 's NN years in which NNP was JJR are more specifically identified by more than one era name or NN .	0	11	VBP	are	is	11
methods used to address issues include film , television , and radio ; celebrity NNS ; pop culture initiatives ; theatrical productions ; music ; and sports .	0	5	VBP	include	includes	5
the NN function , which is found in c , reads input for numbers and other NNS from standard input ( often a command line interface or similar kind of a text user interface ) .	2	10	VBZ	reads	read	8
the actions they take toward achieving `` freedom '' also create american dream ideology .	1	10	VBP	create	creates	9
the most important festival of the NNP temple is NNP , `` the NNP festival '' .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
the construction of many other casino and hotel projects is currently underway .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
a very bright flash of lightning and an almost JJ sharp `` NN '' of thunder , a NN , therefore indicates that the lightning strike was very near .	3	21	VBZ	indicates	indicate	18
they do this by calling for reform when irish laws , regulations or actions by state bodies VBP competition .	9	17	VBP	restrict	restricts	8
the JJ rivalry in NNP 's mind between his dead mother and his personal attraction for ellen grove , the dead NN 's daughter , is a minor NN , which saves her life in the end .	2	25	VBZ	is	are	23
professor stephen NNP 's book , a brief history of time , becomes the longest running book on the NN list of the sunday times .	4	12	VBZ	becomes	become	8
the countries with the most sites are the united kingdom with CD , mexico with CD , and spain with 74 .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
global manufacturers that serve the largest NNP 's , like NNP , john NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , and NNP , are NNP controls and penny and NNP controls .	1	24	VBP	are	is	23
the companies using the NNP system in germany include the NNP and the news broadcaster NNP of NNP .	1	8	VBP	include	includes	7
the method can be thought of as JJ , an example of the JJ method in that it seeks to draw out the understanding of the NNS involved in the process .	10	18	VBZ	seeks	seek	8
the NNP mouse , or western mediterranean mouse , ( NNP NN ) is a wild species of mouse closely related to the house mouse , native to open habitats around the western mediterranean .	2	13	VBZ	is	are	11
the page on NNP NNP ( the NN ) it says he `` was '' inducted into some hall of fame in `` 2007 '' .	1	10	VBZ	says	say	9
the protein encoded by this gene is a JJ receptor for several NNS , and is the known NN for the human JJ NNS NNP NN and NNP NN .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
most mammals , including naked NN rats , have the gene NN which does a similar task , but prevents cellular reproduction at a much later point than NN does .	1	8	VBP	have	has	7
the absence of any JJ class or division or a blank space in the table indicates that no data on restrictions is available .	1	15	VBZ	indicates	indicate	14
the question is whether the other sources backing up its notability are reliable .	6	11	VBP	are	is	5
other paths to VB , which are less likely to be chosen , include NNP street and gilbert avenue .	1	13	VBP	include	includes	12
NNP , and the little boy waiting for the JJ NN has a VBN b on his trunk , for NNP , the eternal NN .	5	11	VBZ	has	have	6
however , popular belief that NNP NNP had difficult childhood because of his family 's connection with jo NNP ( as depicted in NNP tv series NNP admiral NNP NNP ) is not true .	3	31	VBZ	is	are	28
this section of NNP NNS currently contains little more than a collection of links selected by a single party in the dispute provided without context or comparison to that party 's actions and statements .	1	6	VBZ	contains	contain	5
not only are JJ documents more likely to be opened and observed than other types of document , they are also more likely to be studied for longer than say a direct mail piece .	4	19	VBP	are	is	15
the organisations and societies it supports are a key part of this .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
the human fat he VBZ now not only serves to VB NNS and machinery , but also to pay the external debt and buy weapons .	2	8	VBZ	serves	serve	6
the primary attraction of lake NNP state park is its access to water recreation .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
the city , famous for its NNS and agricultural products , has an JJ NN VBG an array of products .	1	11	VBZ	has	have	10
market village '' in the city center often has JJ concerts and festivals .	1	8	VBZ	has	have	7
the walls of the rooms in the central `` NN '' NN are structural and largely VB to the plan of the original building .	1	12	VBP	are	is	11
one prominent site that uses our content is JJ .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
meanwhile , an effort by a mining NN to secure access rights to the mountain gets NNP and boyd involved on opposite sides of the operation and VBZ local NN against the NNP .	3	15	VBZ	gets	get	12
patients over the age of 50 are more sensitive to the potentially negative effects of NN .	0	6	VBP	are	is	6
a current annual ( july to june ) schedule of all council meetings , broken down by committee , is available as a .	8	19	VBZ	is	are	11
the age for girls for marriage is from 18 to 25 and that for boys is from 25 to 30 .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the second movement , in c minor , is a very sad `` NNP '' in JJ form , ending RB in c major .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
i think one thing that would help , though , is to add one restriction to the list proposed above .	3	10	VBZ	is	are	7
homes which remain occupied now have water and NN lines available to them .	0	5	VBP	have	has	5
response to NNP 's `` evidence '' before VBG , it is important to know that NNP RB VBZ evidence in order to VB the opinions of third party users .	0	11	VBZ	is	are	11
this small tributary of the river NNP VBZ high spy from castle NNP .	2	7	VBZ	separates	separate	5
the ranking from high to low is NNP .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
large retail NNS , private and governmental office buildings , recreational centers and NNS are open environments that are particularly VBG targets for a terrorist .	2	14	VBP	are	is	12
the use of either the NN on f or the JJ on g means only that `` some kind of f goes to some kind of g , VBG by a NN '' .	1	13	VBZ	means	mean	12
NNP 's first solo album , shadow in dreams ( 1990 ) , is notable as one of the first releases in mainland china by a western musician on the state record label .	4	13	VBZ	is	are	9
the crime , trial , and the result is all part of one event .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
in contrast , uranium is JJ to some extent in all natural waters , so any material that VBZ or is grown from such waters also contains trace uranium , typically at levels of between a few parts per billion and few parts per million by weight .	16	26	VBZ	contains	contain	10
the recovery plants can be constructed on the same basis of the thermal power plant with the only difference that NN gases for the production of heat in NNS replace the burning of coal .	21	29	VBP	replace	replaces	8
the origin of the name `` NNP '' is unknown .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
a fictional rank from a single novel is not notable .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
NNP JJ protein ( NNP ) , is a transcription factor that is encoded by the NNP gene .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
links to external commercial sites are a totally different issue .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
the affair between bobby and terry VBZ until the summer 's end approaches and he has to take his french examination .	1	6	VBZ	progresses	progress	5
if that process ( the inclusion of the NNP tag ) creates some problems that is a fault of the process and not NNP .	2	11	VBZ	creates	create	9
marshal conrad ( albert NNP ) , the town 's JJ NN , NNS , however , and VBZ NNP the winner .	11	18	VBZ	declares	declare	7
an JJ version of the NNP problem is number 7 on the list of problems discussed by .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
a raised relief on the NNP of a certain marcus NNP NNP , a local miller , depicts the earliest known machine to incorporate a NN and connecting rod .	2	17	VBZ	depicts	depict	15
therefore , the abstract of the article which i have tried to VB to your format is a reflection of the man as he worked and existed under the most difficult of circumstances both in military and civilian service .	3	16	VBZ	is	are	13
the other side of the coin , though , is that because italian has a small number of vowel sounds ( five to seven , depending on accent ) and they are quite distinct , italian can be spoken quickly without losing NN .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
established older dancers of the royal ballet have to be laid off in order to save money .	2	7	VBP	have	has	5
as of 2008 , the attendance of 105 , CD still stands as the largest crowd to ever watch a ucla football game in the rose bowl stadium .	5	11	VBZ	stands	stand	6
accounts created to VB userpage are not JJ new users , they are created by old problem users to cause trouble .	0	5	VBP	are	is	5
these NNS , which are sometimes called NNS because they carry magnetic NNS , are in fact the central regions ( `` NNS '' ) of NNS in the NN .	1	14	VBP	are	is	13
however , its advantage of precise control also means that the vertical NN NN is VBG of operator error , particularly in regard to poor vertical alignment of edges .	3	8	VBZ	means	mean	5
secrets in the JJ past hold the key .	0	5	VBP	hold	holds	5
i wrote them down in a little NN and , five years , thousands of pages and dozens of writing NNS later , i finally get to call myself the author of NNP .	13	25	VBP	get	gets	12
NNP 's NN system for the NNP program is unusual among law schools .	3	8	VBZ	is	are	5
my idea , which is also JJ , is to change some things in football , make it better .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
NNS , regardless of the namespace , are in the NN or NNP .	0	7	VBP	are	is	7
