NNP NNP 's novel the NNP case ( 1917 ) is about a physician who is VBN after performing NN on his dying NN .	3	10	VBZ	is	are	7
another JJ practice , known as NN of responsibility , operates by VBG the relationship between actions and the effects they cause .	2	10	VBZ	operates	operate	8
other communities surrounding the NNP arm include mount NNP , NNP arm south , NNP harbour , hughes brook , NNP , meadows , NNP , and NNP .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
the ring of truth ( 2001 ) mick is on 9 of the 12 songs .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the wikipedia article on the NNP theorem on the other hand presents it as if the NN values always VBP the classical JJ laws .	2	11	VBZ	presents	present	9
list of songs about NN has rather flexible NN .	0	5	VBZ	has	have	5
the day of judgment or NNP , NN , is one of the six articles of faith in islam .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
when the state , local , or federal government takes private property that has water rights associated with private ownership , the value of that property is significantly affected by its water rights .	2	9	VBZ	takes	take	7
the inscription , in rather difficult latin , describes his career as a judge and VBZ his opposition to the king during the civil war .	1	8	VBZ	describes	describe	7
the rise of leslie vernon ( 2006 ) explains and talks extensively about this popular horror film convention ( although in the film , it is referred to as `` survivor girl '' ) , even using it as a major plot device .	1	8	VBZ	explains	explain	7
as the force due to the interaction of electric charges falls off rapidly with increasing distance , the effect of the closer ( opposite NN ) charges is greater and the two objects feel a force of attraction .	2	10	VBZ	falls	fall	8
NNP 's absence , her JJ house literally falls apart at the NNS and NNS , killing NNP .	2	8	VBZ	falls	fall	6
the child protection module , designed in 2010 , provides special training for community management committees ( the 17 member JJ committees established during the NNP to lead development within their communities ) in issues of child protection .	3	9	VBZ	provides	provide	6
note from this viewing angle , the asteroid passes underneath the earth .	0	8	VBZ	passes	pass	8
the jewish community numbers approximately 600 , 000 , of whom 40 percent are highly JJ , according to press reports .	3	13	VBP	are	is	10
JJ NN NNP says that the membership numbers reported by la NNP del NNP are JJ given the great interest it has generated among `` religious authorities '' and the following it receives in mexico .	7	14	VBP	are	is	7
information introduced from the island article is probably not of ga quality and some of it is still unsourced ( although many of it was brought up to a good quality ) .	0	6	VBZ	is	are	6
any source that fails to do this is useless to both wikipedia and to the article .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the rate of sinking and VBG in speed , determines whether the area VBD is surface , mid or deep water .	1	9	VBZ	determines	determine	8
given that all the discussion on the page to date ( most of which is your NN ) has n't managed to `` persuade enough people '' and has resulted in personal attacks and incivility ( from all sides ) , .	4	14	VBZ	is	are	10
NNP , international NNP alphabet , NNP chart for english dialects and there is an article on that , and further resources elsewhere .	7	13	VBZ	is	are	6
the problem with the schools policy is the way in which it promotes this kind of NN .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
NNP 's engagement at the iron gates is one of hungary 's more celebrated victories , NNP 's NN of infantry , cavalry and war NNS performed RB to the NN of the turkish commander NNP , who was VBN by the NN of the NNP army .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the nature of NNP and NNP NNP is to VB with their sister IN eating and destroying rice crop , which is why both are the considered as the NNS of NNS .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
it means that the root causes of the problems in the NNP topic area are unrelated to civility and therefore VBG civility will not resolve the problems in the topic area .	5	14	VBP	are	is	9
according to google scholar that article , published in 1967 , has a VBG total of 6 citations , none from JJ sources .	5	11	VBZ	has	have	6
regarding the length of the cycle , three significant scholarly studies devoted to the jubilee and NNP years agree that it was 49 years , while VBG somewhat on the interpretation of the other issues involved .	10	18	VBP	agree	agrees	8
other lakes VBN to contain the NN are NNP NNP , NNP NNP , NNP mask and NNP NNP .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
alternative NNS of this last name include NNP ( NN ) and NNP ( NN ) .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
luis NNP 's father , NNP ( NNP NNP ) is a man running a secret NN business in the city .	3	10	VBZ	is	are	7
even with oil market NNS , prices for gasoline in the united states are among the lowest in the JJ world ; this is principally due to lower taxes .	6	13	VBP	are	is	7
fringe JJ candidates who might not have a shot have their say .	2	9	VBP	have	has	7
NN in his works halfway between spy stories and science fiction ; on another side , annie NNP 's NN plate ( `` flat writing '' ) tries to VB the distance between reality and its NN .	20	27	VBZ	tries	try	7
her duties , authority and method of election are similar to those of an NN .	1	8	VBP	are	is	7
the white sea fossils and the surrounding NNS also show that NNP lived on the surface of the JJ .	3	9	VBP	show	shows	6
a total of five professional schools , two academic schools , and 11 academic departments offer nearly 60 fields of study , and NNP 's online programs have won multiple awards and NNS .	9	15	VBP	offer	offers	6
protection of a JJ zone requires many NNS and speakers , making it more expensive .	0	5	VBZ	requires	require	5
the JJ conversion of NN to NN is very similar to the conversion of JJ into NN .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
revision versions organized in a sequence ( NNP et al .	1	8	VBP	et	et	7
the other tomb , VBN to NNP NNP , is now without any grave .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the first half of season two reflecting the armor wars has tony and NNP as his definite partner war machine fighting many people who have stolen stark 's armor tech and seek to VB the stolen iron man VB for their own purposes .	2	10	VBZ	has	have	8
his daughter from his first marriage is actress NNP butler .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
i 'm no good at being noble , but it does n't take much to see that the problems of three little people do n't amount to a hill of NNS in this crazy mixed up world .	18	23	VBP	do	does	5
the manuscript of the JJ violin NNP in e minor bears the date 1918 , the only surviving work of that year and one of very few to be written by benjamin during the war .	1	10	VBZ	bears	bear	9
to this day , some JJ NNS such as the ( JJ ) NNP NNP , advocate the restoration of the island 's republic .	6	16	VBP	advocate	advocates	10
john likes NN , too , can be incorporated using NNS , if the means of describing the relationships between different NN values are powerful enough .	14	23	VBP	are	is	9
it 's a NN day in NNP ( a new england town near boston ) and NNP NNP , `` the man who looks like shakespeare '' , is off to NNP 's department store to retrieve his umbrella at the lost and found .	21	28	VBZ	is	are	7
these marvel comics NNS have been selected by iron man to command large JJ suits of armor to fight evil when a threat for a single NN becomes too large .	22	27	VBZ	becomes	become	5
even german NN clock manufacturers registered with NNP certification also produce battery powered JJ movement NN NNS .	4	10	VBP	produce	produces	6
therefore an object with a charge of 1 NN has a charge of .	2	9	VBZ	has	have	7
the reason why there are more night baseball games is to attract more fans to NNS as well as viewers from home because most fans would be at work or school during the day .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the characters in the comic , are NNPS , which are unusually small .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
a website , also written as web site , is a set of related web pages served from a single web domain .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
a species of asian beetle known to survive entirely by eating the NN is being considered for the canyon , while a solution to the NN problem remains as yet JJ .	22	27	VBZ	remains	remain	5
the ceremony , sometimes lasting seven days of NNS , involves a VBG bath and the cutting of the traditional NN hair of the royal child .	1	10	VBZ	involves	involve	9
NNP is the study of the astronomical origins of religion ; how gods , NNS , and demons are NNS of astronomical phenomena such as lunar NNS , JJ NNS , and apparent interactions of JJ bodies with stars .	12	18	VBP	are	is	6
NNP table VBG the NNP article VBZ , and reasons .	1	6	VBZ	closes	close	5
suspected sockpuppets of JJ four sockpuppet categories are unused .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
first broadcast of live united states JJ television takes place in san francisco , california from the japanese peace treaty conference .	1	8	VBZ	takes	take	7
thousands of previously VBN families have still not been VBN by the government .	0	5	VBP	have	has	5
weak keep , any album by notable artists should be covered and lack of information in an article is not grounds for deletion .	12	18	VBZ	is	are	6
the last service from NNP to NNP runs till NNP junction as empty special .	2	7	VBZ	runs	run	5
the same day , royal NNP issues VBZ of eight varieties of their pet foods .	2	7	VBZ	recalls	recall	5
NNP acid , which is of historic and practical interest , VBZ from the NN of JJ NN , a reaction that has no NN in NN chemistry .	1	11	VBZ	arises	arise	10
the proper way of dealing with these is to edit the article and possibly remove some or most of the material .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the first , a portrait of elizabeth , wife of peter NNP , dates to CD , and was meant to be the NN to a portrait by allan NNP .	4	13	VBZ	dates	date	9
but when his senior partner , dr NNP , has to visit california for a few months , NNP is left in charge .	4	9	VBZ	has	have	5
the principles and practices of dialogue education represent a concrete way to VB adult learning theory into the design and implementation of learning events ( global learning partners CD ) .	1	7	VBP	represent	represents	6
man of steel actress amy adams VBZ NNP lane in the superman NN film , man of steel , directed by NNP NNP and produced by christopher NNP .	0	6	VBZ	portrays	portray	6
french expressions VBG `` NNP '' often appear in both french and english .	1	7	VBP	appear	appears	6
another representation is obtained by noting that the image of any closure operator on a complete NN is again a complete NN ( called its closure system ) .	8	17	VBZ	is	are	9
the only readers who could read this and take anything away are players who need their memories VBG .	2	11	VBP	are	is	9
the combination of NN and NN is more effective than older NNS .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
JJ protein 25 ( NNP ) is a JJ protein that is encoded by the NNP gene in humans .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the phase associated with the NN that is VBN is random .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the second version , available on the NNP hits 2004 dvd , shows NNP in a black dress , standing in front of a NN in a little room by herself .	2	12	VBZ	shows	show	10
in my view , the strength and value of wikipedia derives from the collective whole of educated and diverse contributors sharing their own expertise in this collective forum .	5	10	VBZ	derives	derive	5
all characters in animated films like ice age are animated characters .	1	8	VBP	are	is	7
notes found by NNS after the NN indicate that the primary motivation for NNP 's NN NN was his fight to stop a concrete plant from being built near his shop .	0	7	VBP	indicate	indicates	7
the rationale behind the inclusion of such a diagram is to increase the NN of decisions made by the researcher for including or excluding certain studies , which may subsequently introduce NNS in the overall measure of effect .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
i would hope that my efforts in securing a more balanced article are self evident from the edits .	5	12	VBP	are	is	7
keep , as NNP says above , the entries on this list of people have a high probability of being individually notable , making this useful for wp development and curious readers .	8	14	VBP	have	has	6
while many nations , such as france , begin with a JJ regime such as a monarchy , others , such as the united states and switzerland , are formed by acts of JJ NN .	2	8	VBP	begin	begins	6
the NNP remarks that the tomb they are searching for is ahead , but they are suddenly VBN by the NNP army .	5	10	VBZ	is	are	5
the video clip , directed by mario NNP , features the australian NNP NNP ward .	2	9	VBZ	features	feature	7
a customer , in a NN , angry voice , says `` i 'm tired of no !	1	10	VBZ	says	say	9
another ritual practice for having good health on NNP day is to be JJ or bath by water brought from some holy places .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
NNP 's existing manufacturing facilities in NNP , ohio and milan , italy continue to operate under the NNP name .	4	13	VBP	continue	continues	9
one common NN process of musicians for professional NNS and bands is an audition and the ensemble 's NN is often responsible for preparing the materials required for such NNS .	3	11	VBZ	is	are	8
NNP 's suicide at the fall of NNP is one of the most celebrated acts of NN in japanese history .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
fletcher 's the wild NNP chase in CD ; but the JJ gap between CD and CD is problematic .	12	17	VBZ	is	are	5
other experimental techniques often employed to study the structure of NNS include nuclear magnetic NNP ( NNP ) , x-ray NN fine structure ( NNP ) and other JJ methods including NNP NN .	2	11	VBP	include	includes	9
user pages and user talk pages have completely different purposes and merging them is JJ .	1	6	VBP	have	has	5
the idea we are going with this one is to make the film NNP look like a disney movie , '' leonard VBD .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the only way NNP can be used is to VB , expand on material available from scholarly sources on the subject , and that only if not in NN with these sources .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
criticisms of new world order conspiracy NNS also come from within their own community .	0	8	VBP	come	comes	8
the quality of water service provision is poor .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
this interaction at the JJ level still produces a NN with classical beta sheets , but this version of the interaction does not take away the function of this third release factor .	1	7	VBZ	produces	produce	6
NNP , a beautiful chinese warrior who holds the secret to fighting eddie and his army of NN , JJ warriors reveals to johnny that the only way to stop the evil spirit is to use the first half of the NN - the dragon on johnny 's guitar !	27	33	VBZ	is	are	6
another synthetic drug specific to the NN NNP receptor NN is NNP that has been shown to cause NNS in JJ day old rat NNS in NN .	3	10	VBZ	is	are	7
part of the borough of le NNP , the plateau is the most RB populated neighbourhood in canada , with nearly 100 , 000 people living in a 7 .	0	10	VBZ	is	are	10
african-american dance , like other aspects of african-american culture , finds its earliest roots in the dances of the hundreds of african ethnic groups that made up african slaves in the americas as well as influences from european sources in the united states .	1	10	VBZ	finds	find	9
the NNP plan to sell the earth 's NN remains as a fuel source , which they have already begun advertising through the signal mickey has VBN .	2	9	VBZ	remains	remain	7
danny NNP 's `` NNP mix '' , on the other hand , takes the opposite direction , making a darker , heavier version that starts as an NN NN and ends in a way that resembles a JJ program NN .	5	13	VBZ	takes	take	8
the primary business of the town today is tourism , although it is still a complete community in its own right , with a central church , post office , bank , library , and a small general store .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the `` NNP '' part of the firm 's name comes from one of the melbourne founding partners - alfred brooks NNP .	4	10	VBZ	comes	come	6
the team who first attacks then NNS , and attempts to defend for the entire time they attacked .	1	9	VBZ	attempts	attempt	8
fair use in in NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
NNP and dvd copies of the japanese editions are currently on sale , and NNP films has released the show in the united states on dvd in three volumes containing both english VBD and dubbed versions .	3	8	VBP	are	is	5
the central line of the london underground serves the south of the borough , running alongside the NNP road with stations at NNP and NNP .	2	7	VBZ	serves	serve	5
an issue for the JJ theory of cognitive NN is that there are JJ JJ differences from person to person .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the main parameters that vary from engine to engine are the NN and NN curves .	2	9	VBP	are	is	7
the phrase `` game of the century '' is a NN that has been applied to several college football contests played in the 20th century , the first full century of college football in the united states .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
fair use in 3 ring NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the age of many references being than CD years old is a cause of concern .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
finds of NN sites in the british isles are very rare , and this one probably was the war cemetery of the great NNP army .	0	8	VBP	are	is	8
the main section of the michigan bell and western electric warehouse is six stories tall , with a central tower that rises to 12 stories .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
other sites that could be considered as village industries include plants in green island , new york ( near albany , new york ) and the twin cities assembly in st .	1	9	VBP	include	includes	8
thanks , but i ca n't work out how to contact any administrator , every time i click anything it just tells me i 'm banned from doing so .	15	21	VBZ	tells	tell	6
the NNP ( , `` book of NNP [ empire ] '' ) is a history of the great NNP empire written by the persian historian NNP JJ NNP around CD .	5	13	VBZ	is	are	8
NNS that may cause NNS include NN , NN and NN .	0	5	VBP	include	includes	5
