the NNS of the region are generally distinct from those of the south and of the urban areas of the american northeast .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
NNP NNP 's novel the NNP case ( 1917 ) is about a physician who is VBN after performing NN on his dying NN .	3	10	VBZ	is	are	7
your understanding of the purpose of these NNS , and also what constitutes their violation , is at NN with virtually everyone commenting in this space .	1	12	VBZ	constitutes	constitute	11
measurement of JJ NN is a JJ test for JJ NN , including JJ NN disease .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
another JJ practice , known as NN of responsibility , operates by VBG the relationship between actions and the effects they cause .	2	10	VBZ	operates	operate	8
other communities surrounding the NNP arm include mount NNP , NNP arm south , NNP harbour , hughes brook , NNP , meadows , NNP , and NNP .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
the body of the pump is often in open connection with the NN side of the pump .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the ring of truth ( 2001 ) mick is on 9 of the 12 songs .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
stations for the vessel from date of transfer until 1895 and a permanent station include marking wolf trap NN from december 10 , 1893 until march 16 , 1884 after a NN explosion had disabled NNP on august 28 , 1893 and that vessel was withdrawn for repair .	0	14	VBP	include	includes	14
the wikipedia article on the NNP theorem on the other hand presents it as if the NN values always VBP the classical JJ laws .	2	11	VBZ	presents	present	9
given that foundation staff and NNS are legally VBN not to do content work , any new work on the encyclopedia falls to us , the volunteers .	17	21	VBZ	falls	fall	4
the significant expansion and cleanup required , along with the fact that no editor has explicitly expressed NN to do the required work , makes it very unlikely that this can be brought up to ga standard within reasonable time .	2	24	VBZ	makes	make	22
list of songs about NN has rather flexible NN .	0	5	VBZ	has	have	5
the position of the first image ( before the NN ) is unfortunate - it needs to be to the right of the text .	1	15	VBZ	needs	need	14
in the first two expressions a is the base , and the number of times a appears is the height ( add one for x ) .	12	16	VBZ	appears	appear	4
the day of judgment or NNP , NN , is one of the six articles of faith in islam .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
a water body that bore the NN of industrial pollution a decade ago , the NNP lake , north of chennai , has today made an ecological NN , recording NN levels well within JJ limits .	2	22	VBZ	has	have	20
when the state , local , or federal government takes private property that has water rights associated with private ownership , the value of that property is significantly affected by its water rights .	2	9	VBZ	takes	take	7
the NNP contrast set JJR NNS the task of learning from contrast sets as a tree search problem where the root node of the tree is an empty contrast set .	21	25	VBZ	is	are	4
cultural sites within the zone include the original cultivation ground of the NNP ( NNP ) tea variety , and a villa retreat used by NNP xi , a JJ NN NN of the NN or southern song empire .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
the village 's calendar of cultural events includes a visit of the most famous JJ sites .	3	7	VBZ	includes	include	4
most famous participant in the war is johnny NNP , who on september 25 , 1875 , kills james NNP .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the inscription , in rather difficult latin , describes his career as a judge and VBZ his opposition to the king during the civil war .	1	8	VBZ	describes	describe	7
the rise of leslie vernon ( 2006 ) explains and talks extensively about this popular horror film convention ( although in the film , it is referred to as `` survivor girl '' ) , even using it as a major plot device .	1	8	VBZ	explains	explain	7
as the force due to the interaction of electric charges falls off rapidly with increasing distance , the effect of the closer ( opposite NN ) charges is greater and the two objects feel a force of attraction .	2	10	VBZ	falls	fall	8
NNP 's absence , her JJ house literally falls apart at the NNS and NNS , killing NNP .	2	8	VBZ	falls	fall	6
the sole source of NN and negative emotions in the NNP world , NNP NNP is the superior of all other NNP .	2	15	VBZ	is	are	13
the child protection module , designed in 2010 , provides special training for community management committees ( the 17 member JJ committees established during the NNP to lead development within their communities ) in issues of child protection .	3	9	VBZ	provides	provide	6
failure to get the annual budget bill approved by the NNP by march 31 ( 3 months after the start of the fiscal year ) also leads automatically to early elections .	0	26	VBZ	leads	lead	26
note from this viewing angle , the asteroid passes underneath the earth .	0	8	VBZ	passes	pass	8
the opening sequence of the film shows a white screen with red chinese credits .	2	6	VBZ	shows	show	4
NNP channel 53 , also known as `` el canal del NNP '' ( `` the knowledge channel '' ) , is an educational television station owned and operated by the NNP NNP de NNP león ( NNP ) in NNP , NNP leon .	1	21	VBZ	is	are	20
the jewish community numbers approximately 600 , 000 , of whom 40 percent are highly JJ , according to press reports .	3	13	VBP	are	is	10
the earliest part of the house dates back to the 17th century , whilst the main body was added in the 18th century and the top of the house was built in the 20th century .	2	6	VBZ	dates	date	4
JJ NN NNP says that the membership numbers reported by la NNP del NNP are JJ given the great interest it has generated among `` religious authorities '' and the following it receives in mexico .	7	14	VBP	are	is	7
information introduced from the island article is probably not of ga quality and some of it is still unsourced ( although many of it was brought up to a good quality ) .	0	6	VBZ	is	are	6
a system VBG on security through NN may have actual security NNS , but its owners or designers deliberately make the system more complex in the hope that NNS are unable to find a NN .	15	19	VBP	make	makes	4
any source that fails to do this is useless to both wikipedia and to the article .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
the rate of sinking and VBG in speed , determines whether the area VBD is surface , mid or deep water .	1	9	VBZ	determines	determine	8
the gross structure of line NN is the line NN predicted by JJ electrons with no spin .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
given that all the discussion on the page to date ( most of which is your NN ) has n't managed to `` persuade enough people '' and has resulted in personal attacks and incivility ( from all sides ) , .	4	14	VBZ	is	are	10
NNP , international NNP alphabet , NNP chart for english dialects and there is an article on that , and further resources elsewhere .	7	13	VBZ	is	are	6
the population of NNP NNP is about 1000 .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
one ally of the activist wing claimed that thousands of NNP members are also league of the south members .	8	12	VBP	are	is	4
the JJ depth of the reservoir is .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the problem with the schools policy is the way in which it promotes this kind of NN .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
NNP 's engagement at the iron gates is one of hungary 's more celebrated victories , NNP 's NN of infantry , cavalry and war NNS performed RB to the NN of the turkish commander NNP , who was VBN by the NN of the NNP army .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
local people in NNP usually travel to the town of mount holly for NNS such as gas , food , and NNS .	1	5	VBP	travel	travels	4
his daughter , NNP , grows up in this environment and eventually VBZ a new green house , where NNP plays his music .	1	5	VBZ	grows	grow	4
the name `` NNP '' derives from the name given by the NNP people , who still live on cape NNP island ( but not in NNP ) .	1	5	VBZ	derives	derive	4
a JJ common room with JJ NNS and internet access , known as the NN , provides a comfortable place for our students to study and VB between classes .	3	16	VBZ	provides	provide	13
the nature of NNP and NNP NNP is to VB with their sister IN eating and destroying rice crop , which is why both are the considered as the NNS of NNS .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
it means that the root causes of the problems in the NNP topic area are unrelated to civility and therefore VBG civility will not resolve the problems in the topic area .	5	14	VBP	are	is	9
according to google scholar that article , published in 1967 , has a VBG total of 6 citations , none from JJ sources .	5	11	VBZ	has	have	6
the royal NNP fish processing plant at the port is the largest within NNP and is amongst the most modern JJ factories in the world .	5	9	VBZ	is	are	4
most obviously , the idea that two NNS could carry a NN all the way to NNP square during a large celebration seems highly JJ .	4	22	VBZ	seems	seem	18
however , as soviet sources about the events are JJ , the topic has not been RB VBN .	4	8	VBP	are	is	4
regarding the length of the cycle , three significant scholarly studies devoted to the jubilee and NNP years agree that it was 49 years , while VBG somewhat on the interpretation of the other issues involved .	10	18	VBP	agree	agrees	8
other lakes VBN to contain the NN are NNP NNP , NNP NNP , NNP mask and NNP NNP .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
alternative NNS of this last name include NNP ( NN ) and NNP ( NN ) .	1	6	VBP	include	includes	5
luis NNP 's father , NNP ( NNP NNP ) is a man running a secret NN business in the city .	3	10	VBZ	is	are	7
article 17 of the treaty on european union , as amended by the treaty of lisbon , VBZ out the procedure for VBG the president and his team .	0	17	VBZ	lays	lay	17
even with oil market NNS , prices for gasoline in the united states are among the lowest in the JJ world ; this is principally due to lower taxes .	6	13	VBP	are	is	7
fringe JJ candidates who might not have a shot have their say .	2	9	VBP	have	has	7
NN in his works halfway between spy stories and science fiction ; on another side , annie NNP 's NN plate ( `` flat writing '' ) tries to VB the distance between reality and its NN .	20	27	VBZ	tries	try	7
the version of `` my hotel year '' that appears on this ep is the electric version and contains an extra verse at the end .	1	13	VBZ	is	are	12
the NNP trunk road taking traffic along the south coast between NNP and southampton passes to the south of the town .	3	14	VBZ	passes	pass	11
her duties , authority and method of election are similar to those of an NN .	1	8	VBP	are	is	7
JJ trips to NNP square provide 10 minute NNS to that town during JJ peak hours , and 30 minute service levels on NNS and NNS .	1	5	VBP	provide	provides	4
the first person to travel to america from krishna district , NNP NNP mohammed is also from NNP , who served as the first secretary and later NN at the indian embassy in washington for 30 years from 1949 to 1979 .	2	14	VBZ	is	are	12
the white sea fossils and the surrounding NNS also show that NNP lived on the surface of the JJ .	3	9	VBP	show	shows	6
the las vegas metropolitan area , which includes las vegas , henderson , north las vegas and the unincorporated valley has an estimated population of 1 , CD , CD according to the 2010 u .	4	20	VBZ	has	have	16
speedy keep , the rule is actually that all competitors at top international level in JJ sports are notable , and this is a world championships silver NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
a total of five professional schools , two academic schools , and 11 academic departments offer nearly 60 fields of study , and NNP 's online programs have won multiple awards and NNS .	9	15	VBP	offer	offers	6
the arguments expressed by those who VBP with this current that VBZ sexual NN , often appear under NN NNS , although at root they VBP JJ NNS that deny the JJ nature of the human person , as well as the supernatural NN of the individual .	1	16	VBP	appear	appears	15
however , the skull differs from that of NNP in dorsal view , as the NNS are much wider in NNP .	4	16	VBP	are	is	12
NNS in NNP usually meet in the park near the grand national assembly of turkey .	0	4	VBP	meet	meets	4
while NNS in general usually have JJ NN at the beginning of each entry , VBZ on wikipedia do not , because the NNP software does not yet support automatic outline numbering .	1	5	VBP	have	has	4
protection of a JJ zone requires many NNS and speakers , making it more expensive .	0	5	VBZ	requires	require	5
a VBN NNP message in october 1944 reveals elizabeth NNP reporting to VB that emma joseph was well suited for operational work .	3	7	VBZ	reveals	reveal	4
the JJ conversion of NN to NN is very similar to the conversion of JJ into NN .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
i accept that many editors of some articles disagree with me on content but the recent incident on [ [ conspiracy theory ] ] was a case of the majority VBG the CD of a dispute , in my interpretation .	4	8	VBP	disagree	disagrees	4
revision versions organized in a sequence ( NNP et al .	1	8	VBP	et	et	7
the other tomb , VBN to NNP NNP , is now without any grave .	2	9	VBZ	is	are	7
the first half of season two reflecting the armor wars has tony and NNP as his definite partner war machine fighting many people who have stolen stark 's armor tech and seek to VB the stolen iron man VB for their own purposes .	2	10	VBZ	has	have	8
his daughter from his first marriage is actress NNP butler .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
i 'm no good at being noble , but it does n't take much to see that the problems of three little people do n't amount to a hill of NNS in this crazy mixed up world .	18	23	VBP	do	does	5
the length of the river is 45 km .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the manuscript of the JJ violin NNP in e minor bears the date 1918 , the only surviving work of that year and one of very few to be written by benjamin during the war .	1	10	VBZ	bears	bear	9
to this day , some JJ NNS such as the ( JJ ) NNP NNP , advocate the restoration of the island 's republic .	6	16	VBP	advocate	advocates	10
each chapter of the book is part of 1 story .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
john likes NN , too , can be incorporated using NNS , if the means of describing the relationships between different NN values are powerful enough .	14	23	VBP	are	is	9
according to the 2002 census , the population of the commune is CD .	7	11	VBZ	is	are	4
the five women VBN under NNP appear to be real , and their contents check out with standard classical NN .	2	6	VBP	appear	appears	4
it 's a NN day in NNP ( a new england town near boston ) and NNP NNP , `` the man who looks like shakespeare '' , is off to NNP 's department store to retrieve his umbrella at the lost and found .	21	28	VBZ	is	are	7
these marvel comics NNS have been selected by iron man to command large JJ suits of armor to fight evil when a threat for a single NN becomes too large .	22	27	VBZ	becomes	become	5
even german NN clock manufacturers registered with NNP certification also produce battery powered JJ movement NN NNS .	4	10	VBP	produce	produces	6
lakes in this township include NNP pond and NNP pond .	0	4	VBP	include	includes	4
the idea of NNP NNP is to state how errors in the measurement will affect the final state NN .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
however , the basis of the diet is still corn and NNS with JJ pepper as a VBG as they are JJ foods .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
therefore an object with a charge of 1 NN has a charge of .	2	9	VBZ	has	have	7
the reason why there are more night baseball games is to attract more fans to NNS as well as viewers from home because most fans would be at work or school during the day .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
a 1916 article that said roy NNP had been a captain earlier in franchise history , though this remains JJ .	2	18	VBZ	remains	remain	16
the purpose of the NNP is to serve humanity by VBG to achieve the highest international standards in medical education , medical science , medical art and medical ethics , and health care for all people in the world .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the characters in the comic , are NNPS , which are unusually small .	1	6	VBP	are	is	5
if every NN in the theory is true in the interpretation , then the interpretation is called a model for the theory .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
a website , also written as web site , is a set of related web pages served from a single web domain .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
a species of asian beetle known to survive entirely by eating the NN is being considered for the canyon , while a solution to the NN problem remains as yet JJ .	22	27	VBZ	remains	remain	5
the ceremony , sometimes lasting seven days of NNS , involves a VBG bath and the cutting of the traditional NN hair of the royal child .	1	10	VBZ	involves	involve	9
NNP is the study of the astronomical origins of religion ; how gods , NNS , and demons are NNS of astronomical phenomena such as lunar NNS , JJ NNS , and apparent interactions of JJ bodies with stars .	12	18	VBP	are	is	6
an extended mix of the song , featuring an extra verse at the beginning , is exclusive to this version .	2	15	VBZ	is	are	13
NNP table VBG the NNP article VBZ , and reasons .	1	6	VBZ	closes	close	5
JJ comments or questions from others on the vfd , however , are welcome .	1	12	VBP	are	is	11
suspected sockpuppets of JJ four sockpuppet categories are unused .	1	7	VBP	are	is	6
first broadcast of live united states JJ television takes place in san francisco , california from the japanese peace treaty conference .	1	8	VBZ	takes	take	7
thousands of previously VBN families have still not been VBN by the government .	0	5	VBP	have	has	5
the title of the series comes from the name of a cell phone application developed by several of NNP 's friends , which provides an advanced online image recognition and social networking service .	1	5	VBZ	comes	come	4
children from NNP valley attend NNP valley elementary school district .	0	4	VBP	attend	attends	4
weak keep , any album by notable artists should be covered and lack of information in an article is not grounds for deletion .	12	18	VBZ	is	are	6
the last service from NNP to NNP runs till NNP junction as empty special .	2	7	VBZ	runs	run	5
some issues she worked on are unemployment , NN , and NN awareness .	1	5	VBP	are	is	4
the same day , royal NNP issues VBZ of eight varieties of their pet foods .	2	7	VBZ	recalls	recall	5
the four band members , edwin NNP , lucy wright , tom NNP and jon NNP play a wide range of instruments , often changing between them many times during sessions , which enables the band to play a very diverse repertoire of music .	3	16	VBP	play	plays	13
NNP acid , which is of historic and practical interest , VBZ from the NN of JJ NN , a reaction that has no NN in NN chemistry .	1	11	VBZ	arises	arise	10
in mathematics , the JJ NN assignment problem ( NNP ) is one of fundamental JJ NN problems in the branch of NN or operations research , from the category of the facilities location problems .	7	11	VBZ	is	are	4
the proper way of dealing with these is to edit the article and possibly remove some or most of the material .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
an VBG population in western countries means that investors approaching retirement may resume childhood NNS .	2	6	VBZ	means	mean	4
the first , a portrait of elizabeth , wife of peter NNP , dates to CD , and was meant to be the NN to a portrait by allan NNP .	4	13	VBZ	dates	date	9
but when his senior partner , dr NNP , has to visit california for a few months , NNP is left in charge .	4	9	VBZ	has	have	5
consequently , a characteristic feature of these NNP is a NN chamber NN with rectangular mixing chamber ( NNP ) in front of the NN .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
the principles and practices of dialogue education represent a concrete way to VB adult learning theory into the design and implementation of learning events ( global learning partners CD ) .	1	7	VBP	represent	represents	6
man of steel actress amy adams VBZ NNP lane in the superman NN film , man of steel , directed by NNP NNP and produced by christopher NNP .	0	6	VBZ	portrays	portray	6
the information provided through NN is brief and instant , similar to the information seen in digital journalism today .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
the event , which is arranged by the non-profit association NNP , is the largest event of its type in the nordic countries .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
french expressions VBG `` NNP '' often appear in both french and english .	1	7	VBP	appear	appears	6
another class of silly laws is ones that are now obsolete .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
an essay originally published in the quarterly review ( 1919 ) , NNP here addresses NNP ( CD ) of alexandria and later of rome .	1	14	VBZ	addresses	address	13
another representation is obtained by noting that the image of any closure operator on a complete NN is again a complete NN ( called its closure system ) .	8	17	VBZ	is	are	9
the only readers who could read this and take anything away are players who need their memories VBG .	2	11	VBP	are	is	9
the combination of NN and NN is more effective than older NNS .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
JJ protein 25 ( NNP ) is a JJ protein that is encoded by the NNP gene in humans .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
the phase associated with the NN that is VBN is random .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
all NNS , NN , fish , eggs , dairy products , and NN are excellent sources of JJ acid .	1	14	VBP	are	is	13
the second version , available on the NNP hits 2004 dvd , shows NNP in a black dress , standing in front of a NN in a little room by herself .	2	12	VBZ	shows	show	10
the main front of the house is in two NNS and seven NNS .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
it is unknown how many of both types were in fact built or modified ; at least one vehicle with a NN is still extant .	18	22	VBZ	is	are	4
in my view , the strength and value of wikipedia derives from the collective whole of educated and diverse contributors sharing their own expertise in this collective forum .	5	10	VBZ	derives	derive	5
the subjects of his biographies include NNP cleveland , NNP NNP , hamilton fish , henry ford , john c .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
the section on his career feels very short .	1	5	VBZ	feels	feel	4
all characters in animated films like ice age are animated characters .	1	8	VBP	are	is	7
in three dimensions , three JJ planes are chosen and the three coordinates of a point are the signed distances to each of the planes .	12	16	VBP	are	is	4
the NNP temple of NNP in the NNP district , andhra pradesh , india is home to a high sculpture of NNP that is carved entirely out of NN .	2	14	VBZ	is	are	12
notes found by NNS after the NN indicate that the primary motivation for NNP 's NN NN was his fight to stop a concrete plant from being built near his shop .	0	7	VBP	indicate	indicates	7
the rationale behind the inclusion of such a diagram is to increase the NN of decisions made by the researcher for including or excluding certain studies , which may subsequently introduce NNS in the overall measure of effect .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
i would hope that my efforts in securing a more balanced article are self evident from the edits .	5	12	VBP	are	is	7
keep , as NNP says above , the entries on this list of people have a high probability of being individually notable , making this useful for wp development and curious readers .	8	14	VBP	have	has	6
while many nations , such as france , begin with a JJ regime such as a monarchy , others , such as the united states and switzerland , are formed by acts of JJ NN .	2	8	VBP	begin	begins	6
the NNP remarks that the tomb they are searching for is ahead , but they are suddenly VBN by the NNP army .	5	10	VBZ	is	are	5
articles in this category are about JJ JJ manga magazines .	0	4	VBP	are	is	4
other afd results for other articles are not JJ .	2	6	VBP	are	is	4
the new hope NNP orchestra , which consists of the bass , NN , NN and violin , has a repertoire ranging from classical music to modern broadway songs , also has received many awards at competitions , including best overall orchestra .	4	18	VBZ	has	have	14
due to the hard NN of prairie NN , the remnants of this trail are still visible via satellite imaging to the trained historian eye .	10	14	VBP	are	is	4
the advantage of a NN is that the film need not be VBN after each show , which can save labor .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
delivery of the NNP page victor strategic bomber to the royal air force begins .	0	13	VBZ	begins	begin	13
the video clip , directed by mario NNP , features the australian NNP NNP ward .	2	9	VBZ	features	feature	7
a customer , in a NN , angry voice , says `` i 'm tired of no !	1	10	VBZ	says	say	9
another ritual practice for having good health on NNP day is to be JJ or bath by water brought from some holy places .	2	10	VBZ	is	are	8
the government of the NNP region , with one representative for the NNP community in its parliament , exercises regional matters over the territory .	1	18	VBZ	exercises	exercise	17
NNP 's existing manufacturing facilities in NNP , ohio and milan , italy continue to operate under the NNP name .	4	13	VBP	continue	continues	9
part of his strength is his ability to read far into the game very fast , and to make seemingly stupid moves , which , in fact , VBP the opponent to playing what looks like the obviously correct move , which NNP then uses against them .	0	4	VBZ	is	are	4
the username i would like has no edits and no NNP account , and i would simply like to have it as i want to VB my username .	1	5	VBZ	has	have	4
one common NN process of musicians for professional NNS and bands is an audition and the ensemble 's NN is often responsible for preparing the materials required for such NNS .	3	11	VBZ	is	are	8
the native habitat of the tree includes primary and secondary tropical forest .	2	6	VBZ	includes	include	4
NNP 's suicide at the fall of NNP is one of the most celebrated acts of NN in japanese history .	2	8	VBZ	is	are	6
fletcher 's the wild NNP chase in CD ; but the JJ gap between CD and CD is problematic .	12	17	VBZ	is	are	5
other experimental techniques often employed to study the structure of NNS include nuclear magnetic NNP ( NNP ) , x-ray NN fine structure ( NNP ) and other JJ methods including NNP NN .	2	11	VBP	include	includes	9
should you do so , the evidence of this thread is that you will have the support of NNP and myself .	6	10	VBZ	is	are	4
the present character of the city is evidence of the JJ influence .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
user pages and user talk pages have completely different purposes and merging them is JJ .	1	6	VBP	have	has	5
a unique feature of this pub is a large collection of tie NNS displayed on its walls and ceiling .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
the idea we are going with this one is to make the film NNP look like a disney movie , '' leonard VBD .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
in his NN , NNP 's well-known sentence , `` although such performance dancing is inherently JJ , JJ per se is not , '' VBZ his general purpose .	7	21	VBZ	is	are	14
a famous tourist sight in the area is NNP abbey , where the german baroque composer johannes NNP died in CD .	3	7	VBZ	is	are	4
the only way NNP can be used is to VB , expand on material available from scholarly sources on the subject , and that only if not in NN with these sources .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
criticisms of new world order conspiracy NNS also come from within their own community .	0	8	VBP	come	comes	8
the subject of the article is a colleague of mine at michigan state university .	1	5	VBZ	is	are	4
as fellow members of the commonwealth of nations , diplomatic relations between new zealand and india are at governmental level , rather than between heads of state .	2	16	VBP	are	is	14
the notice of his death calls him king of NNP NNP , that is the NNP .	1	5	VBZ	calls	call	4
the quality of water service provision is poor .	1	6	VBZ	is	are	5
self defense , if you have good reason to believe the person with the gun means to kill you .	11	15	VBZ	means	mean	4
this interaction at the JJ level still produces a NN with classical beta sheets , but this version of the interaction does not take away the function of this third release factor .	1	7	VBZ	produces	produce	6
the principal town , NNP , with a population of 99 , CD and an area of 18 square kilometers , is the largest port of north-eastern russia .	2	21	VBZ	is	are	19
i can also VB that the claim of frequent NN is false .	6	10	VBZ	is	are	4
NNP , a beautiful chinese warrior who holds the secret to fighting eddie and his army of NN , JJ warriors reveals to johnny that the only way to stop the evil spirit is to use the first half of the NN - the dragon on johnny 's guitar !	27	33	VBZ	is	are	6
the JJ shots , which include the 2003 lighting design by NNP , are subject to copyright protection .	2	13	VBP	are	is	11
another synthetic drug specific to the NN NNP receptor NN is NNP that has been shown to cause NNS in JJ day old rat NNS in NN .	3	10	VBZ	is	are	7
the only thing you need now is more people to comment on it .	2	6	VBZ	is	are	4
part of the borough of le NNP , the plateau is the most RB populated neighbourhood in canada , with nearly 100 , 000 people living in a 7 .	0	10	VBZ	is	are	10
NNP anyone know what type of material this is or what it is called .	4	8	VBZ	is	are	4
african-american dance , like other aspects of african-american culture , finds its earliest roots in the dances of the hundreds of african ethnic groups that made up african slaves in the americas as well as influences from european sources in the united states .	1	10	VBZ	finds	find	9
the NNP plan to sell the earth 's NN remains as a fuel source , which they have already begun advertising through the signal mickey has VBN .	2	9	VBZ	remains	remain	7
danny NNP 's `` NNP mix '' , on the other hand , takes the opposite direction , making a darker , heavier version that starts as an NN NN and ends in a way that resembles a JJ program NN .	5	13	VBZ	takes	take	8
the primary business of the town today is tourism , although it is still a complete community in its own right , with a central church , post office , bank , library , and a small general store .	2	7	VBZ	is	are	5
the first members of the family appear in the 9th century .	2	6	VBP	appear	appears	4
the `` NNP '' part of the firm 's name comes from one of the melbourne founding partners - alfred brooks NNP .	4	10	VBZ	comes	come	6
financial NNS and NNS often produce this kind of programming .	1	5	VBP	produce	produces	4
four NNS to the 1945 constitution of indonesia the highest representative body at national level is the people 's NNP assembly ( NNP ) .	11	15	VBZ	is	are	4
the team who first attacks then NNS , and attempts to defend for the entire time they attacked .	1	9	VBZ	attempts	attempt	8
fair use in in NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	7	VBZ	is	are	6
other groups of brazilian NN NNS , belonging to the tribe NN , genera NN , NN and NN are also very JJ and much smaller , one of them ( NNP NNP ) reaching no more than 2 .	1	19	VBP	are	is	18
the links provided by NNP give the game away - each of them mentions the korean founder .	1	5	VBP	give	gives	4
NNP and dvd copies of the japanese editions are currently on sale , and NNP films has released the show in the united states on dvd in three volumes containing both english VBD and dubbed versions .	3	8	VBP	are	is	5
each function in NNP NNP has an NNP transaction code associated with it .	1	5	VBZ	has	have	4
as NNP NNP and eddie NNP were never to meet again in a competitive capacity , the winner 's belt from that day remains with NNP .	19	23	VBZ	remains	remain	4
the central line of the london underground serves the south of the borough , running alongside the NNP road with stations at NNP and NNP .	2	7	VBZ	serves	serve	5
such problems include realizing that the research required to identify the absolute NNP ' practice for any policy problem is almost never possible .	6	19	VBZ	is	are	13
an issue for the JJ theory of cognitive NN is that there are JJ JJ differences from person to person .	1	9	VBZ	is	are	8
the main parameters that vary from engine to engine are the NN and NN curves .	2	9	VBP	are	is	7
the phrase `` game of the century '' is a NN that has been applied to several college football contests played in the 20th century , the first full century of college football in the united states .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
fair use in 3 ring NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	1	8	VBZ	is	are	7
the age of many references being than CD years old is a cause of concern .	1	10	VBZ	is	are	9
finds of NN sites in the british isles are very rare , and this one probably was the war cemetery of the great NNP army .	0	8	VBP	are	is	8
the main section of the michigan bell and western electric warehouse is six stories tall , with a central tower that rises to 12 stories .	2	11	VBZ	is	are	9
the beautiful church of st john the baptist which , though partly rebuilt in the 19th century , has 15th century origins .	2	18	VBZ	has	have	16
the main island , NNP , hosts the museum of fisheries , a collection of maritime culture from the JJ centuries , and is VBN by water taxi from NNP .	2	6	VBZ	hosts	host	4
other sites that could be considered as village industries include plants in green island , new york ( near albany , new york ) and the twin cities assembly in st .	1	9	VBP	include	includes	8
a veteran of 100 international games over a JJ period , NNP is the all-time leading scorer for zimbabwe .	1	12	VBZ	is	are	11
thanks , but i ca n't work out how to contact any administrator , every time i click anything it just tells me i 'm banned from doing so .	15	21	VBZ	tells	tell	6
the NNP ( , `` book of NNP [ empire ] '' ) is a history of the great NNP empire written by the persian historian NNP JJ NNP around CD .	5	13	VBZ	is	are	8
NNS that may cause NNS include NN , NN and NN .	0	5	VBP	include	includes	5
previous NNS of the award include NNP NNP , NNP jackson and claire NNP .	1	5	VBP	include	includes	4
