it should be noted that this association is not absolute .	6	7	VBZ	is	are	1
the museum has an archive room , showing documents relating to the history of the institute and west NNP district .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
NN , as its name implies , is a derivative of NNP that VBZ all NNP VBG features and , like NNP , uses a JJ NN to perform NN and traffic engineering .	4	5	VBZ	implies	imply	1
tribes have more social institutions , such as a chief or NNS .	0	1	VBP	have	has	1
the article still consists solely of an NN of separate and JJ cases where people are reported to have used this slogan .	1	3	VBZ	consists	consist	2
the society is open to individual , club and council membership and offers a wide variety of services and activities .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the concentration increases by about 1 percent annually .	1	2	VBZ	increases	increase	1
assume that the NNS remain fixed .	3	4	VBP	remain	remains	1
NNP 's book is also notable for its use of science fiction elements , principally time travel .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
RB , this concept is not JJ to everyone .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
the fact that the article has problems does not mean it has to be deleted .	4	5	VBZ	has	have	1
they return NNS and the others feel that something is JJ , especially tom as the uncle VBZ with NNP .	16	17	VBZ	departs	depart	1
some NNP english words have a JJ meaning widely understood within uganda but VBG to NNS .	3	4	VBP	have	has	1
so the idea has some merit .	2	3	VBZ	has	have	1
back in NNP , NNP 's family decides to travel to mumbai for NNP and surprise the couple .	6	7	VBZ	decides	decide	1
keep , the school is notable ( perhaps more for NNP NNP than hughes ) and the article has grown .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
they argue that the existing legal regime is JJ in VBG this growing trend .	6	7	VBZ	is	are	1
these strips continue over the dome , and frame the entry way on the opposite side .	1	2	VBP	continue	continues	1
his musical career begins with an NN song that VBZ into an JJ dance number that combines , according to NNP , `` jazz and NN '' .	2	3	VBZ	begins	begin	1
licensed to NNP , maine , usa , the station serves the northern , central , and NNP maine area .	9	10	VBZ	serves	serve	1
since the current redirect is applicable only to a NN application , i would suggest to delete it ( which need admin rights ) or change it to NNP ( which i could do myself , but not without consensus ) .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
NNP universities also operate four branch campuses .	1	3	VBP	operate	operates	2
the pages contain JJ NNS of NN NNS , VBD lyrics , and abstract sketches .	1	2	VBP	contain	contains	1
the honorary mayor is chair of the council .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
i am a JJ but JJ editor , and dispute resolution appears to be different every time some issue NNS .	10	11	VBZ	appears	appear	1
the company sells to consumers and industrial customers in more than 60 countries and maintains extensive brand licensing and food service operations .	1	2	VBZ	sells	sell	1
the taste is RB , so they are generally eaten as a light NN after JJ or served as a JJ beneath NN NN ( VBN raw fish ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
this effect relies on JJ interactions between an electron and a nucleus .	1	2	VBZ	relies	rely	1
guardian is a 3d shoot CD up video game .	0	1	VBZ	is	are	1
it is NNP night , and in spite of the NN 's warning not to be late coming back , the young man later leaves his carriage and NNS toward the direction of an abandoned `` JJ '' village .	22	24	VBZ	leaves	leave	2
stops include founders grove , the visitor center near NNP and several places that provide trail access .	0	1	VBP	include	includes	1
NNP 's JJ theory faces a problem , however , with proper names , which seem both directly JJ and JJ .	3	4	VBZ	faces	face	1
other characters include nicolas 's parents , as well as teachers and administrators in the school .	1	2	VBP	include	includes	1
reference 9 is the software NNP mentioning that NNP is running its software .	0	2	VBZ	is	are	2
so this is a JJ threat , if JJ threats are articles , then whenever someone writes a `` i 'm going to kill mr .	9	10	VBP	are	is	1
the experts come from various areas including law enforcement , federal , state and local laboratories , the private sector , and NN .	1	2	VBP	come	comes	1
a typical station has a JJ level and one or more platform levels .	2	3	VBZ	has	have	1
the right side represents the object in NN , with the JJ running RB and time running RB .	2	3	VBZ	represents	represent	1
fc ) , began operating north of the NNS along the present route of NNP drive , whose name derives from that of the NNS ' final destination , NNP city .	18	19	VBZ	derives	derive	1
if it 's to be kept , it ought to be cleared up whether it 's for NN or nobility ( the name indicates NN , everything else nobility ) .	22	23	VBZ	indicates	indicate	1
despite this , provisions for the station were VBN into the track , and richmond city council VBZ the station to be built at some point in the future .	16	17	VBZ	expects	expect	1
her father tries to drag her NN , but she VBZ away and accidentally tears a NN in her dress .	1	2	VBZ	tries	try	1
thanks , i think the section is great .	5	6	VBZ	is	are	1
his real name is NNP , also known as the NNP NN , since his true form is that of a giant NN that VBZ the earth .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the congo national JJ football team is the JJ football ( soccer ) team of the republic of the congo .	5	6	VBZ	is	are	1
NNP financial 's history dates back to august 29 , 1879 with the formation of the bank of grand NNP by mr .	3	4	VBZ	dates	date	1
the JJ gives the rate at which the particle has an NN to go from m to n .	8	9	VBZ	has	have	1
i asked NNP to attribute the quote but he VBD NN , i think that there could possibly VB here and i will check the hard copy of the book NN , if this quote is not in the book i would take a very JJ view of this .	34	35	VBZ	is	are	1
the problem is in the rules .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the lights come up on the NN returning to consciousness shortly after her death , looking worse for wear and NN , an NN in a NN and NN NN .	1	2	VBP	come	comes	1
the adult critical care specialist is only available to the NNP ( NNP ) that is a JJ and JJ specialist in intensive medicine in adult practice .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
although the group says it is concerned about radical professors of any political NN , in its initial `` dirty 30 '' of teachers it names , all are identified only with JJ or liberal causes .	2	3	VBZ	says	say	1
vowel length is not JJ , but NNS are RB VBN in the VBN ( NN ) NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
i agree that the template is one that could be very JJ , especially if your edits are made in good faith , but then , the same goes for the .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
the mill has a base made of solid pine and NN logs built in log cabin style .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
according to present doctrine , that of `` treaty NN '' , treaties are in the dutch legal system in principle NN ; no special transformation is needed by implementing special law , as in countries with a `` JJ '' system ( such as the united kingdom ) .	12	13	VBP	are	is	1
approximately 600 vessels are under NNP , with growth expected to CD .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
the most JJ coral is NNP NN , and black coral ( NNP ) are common on the outer bank edges .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
the boy is afraid because the giant 's hand is VBG against the particular grain , but NNP calls him to him and returns him to his parents , telling them he has VBN the task .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the nearby high school is NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
the NNP NNP claim is seriously suspect as there are only JJ NNS .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
JJ cuisine is the cuisine of ghana .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
traders sometimes apply an extract of the NN of NNP NN or the JJ fruits of NNP and NNP to VB the attack on NN plants .	0	2	VBP	apply	applies	2
a stream rises above NNP , and enters the river from the left downstream of the NNP brook .	1	2	VBZ	rises	rise	1
the finished album is my favourite one of the last four .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
these articles represent a considerable amount of fairly JJ editing ; a decision to delete should not be done RB .	1	2	VBP	represent	represents	1
middle horizon period starts in the NNP .	2	3	VBZ	starts	start	1
the JJ branch VBZ an annual mass in rome in the church of san NNP al NNP , as well as occasional masses in naples , and other italian cities , in westminster cathedral in london , and in washington , d .	2	3	VBZ	celebrates	celebrate	1
sea means POS , evaluate , act ' , later translated into malay as NNP sea ( NNP ) .	0	1	VBZ	means	mean	1
owing to its unique cultural NN and the availability of NN , JJ oil forms a base for almost all the preparations of the region .	13	14	VBZ	forms	form	1
the song is a JJ track with JJ string arrangements and a JJ beat behind it .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
state and local NNS have more NN in determining how best to use the money .	3	4	VBP	have	has	1
another NN , edward NNP , has noted during his experience that he has never observed anything resembling a `` toxic NN settlement '' and that some online photographs actually VBP what he VBZ as a blood NN .	28	30	VBP	depict	depicts	2
the organization annually hosts a state convention .	1	3	VBZ	hosts	host	2
online NNS are wikipedians with a track record of helping NNS who have been trained to assist and mentor students enrolled in the public policy initiative .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
i catch a lot at NNP NNP ) the speech variant of NNP has most similarities with the NNP spoken in NNP ( NNP islands ) .	10	13	VBZ	has	have	3
in any event , the issue is his behavior , as well as the particular pov , and the length of time it has been a problem .	5	6	VBZ	is	are	1
NNP doll discovers that the real singer and takes NN to the stage .	6	8	VBZ	takes	take	2
their games include the NNP NNP , grey ranks , NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes	1
some NNS go to considerable lengths to specifically VB and VB most or all of the software included in the distribution .	1	2	VBP	go	goes	1
this image is a cover of the album dave van NNP in rome by dave van NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the text also contains JJ poetry by NNP , as well as arabic language commentary .	1	3	VBZ	contains	contain	2
this variation contributes to the shape of the NN .	1	2	VBZ	contributes	contribute	1
each summer more than 1000 people participate in national and international NNS , conferences , NN , workshops , and training courses at this campus .	5	6	VBP	participate	participates	1
the festival ends with a large communal feast .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end	1
d itself , so the argument is very JJ .	5	6	VBZ	is	are	1
the event horizon is a surface of constant negative NN , and the NN is RB locally NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
care has to be taken during NN and handling of NNS , as NN and its compounds are toxic .	0	1	VBZ	has	have	1
NN NNP NNP attended the match and was critical of the italian police , adding `` one way of looking at it is that the italian fans use violence against english fans to VB the police to have a go at them .	26	27	VBP	use	uses	1
the german name NNP derives from the fact that it was imported to germany in the 19th century from NNP in lower NNP in present-day slovenia and then in the JJ empire .	2	4	VBZ	derives	derive	2
other temples include NNP das NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP , old NNP NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes	1
the aim is to take JJ daily before having alcohol and reduce the NN reward caused ( it is an JJ NN ) leading to more moderate NN and the possibility of replacing alcohol with healthy JJ activities on JJ days .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
holy cross parish is in the church of england diocese of salisbury , unlike the rest of the borough of NNP , which is within the diocese of bristol , but like the rest of NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
RB or a NN list archive , but the message is clear .	9	10	VBZ	is	are	1
new eggs are a bright yellow color , but they later turn VBN red .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
and the new jersey devils are in newark , so the new york area actually has 3 hockey teams .	13	15	VBZ	has	have	2
c ( values are percent relative NN ) .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
many students involve themselves in various campus NNS , such as NNS on campus , a christian church ( NNP of christ ) student group .	1	2	VBP	involve	involves	1
the road heads into VBN areas and passes to the north of NNP hill creek , briefly heading through clay township and wood township , NNP county before entering taylor township , NNP county .	1	2	VBZ	heads	head	1
ultimately , power in society comes from the NN of the people .	2	5	VBZ	comes	come	3
according to the theory , people find uncertainty in JJ relationships JJ and are motivated to reduce it through JJ communication .	5	6	VBP	find	finds	1
these languages are JJ languages , meaning variations in tone of a word can change that word 's meaning .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
i just noticed that this page is for administrators only .	5	6	VBZ	is	are	1
this article has been VBN by the new npov world wide article on electrical and electronics engineering and this article is now redundant and is VBN for elimination .	19	20	VBZ	is	are	1
her work VBZ on developing mouse models of human genetic disorders including down syndrome .	1	2	VBZ	concentrates	concentrate	1
however , it is by no means clear what the authority is .	10	11	VBZ	is	are	1
households work only in the first period of their life and earn NNP , t income .	0	1	VBP	work	works	1
alfred VBZ a party pin in this novel , and his son is the protagonist who helps NNP steal a NN for agnes by cutting a hole through glass with his voice .	11	12	VBZ	is	are	1
although built of sand and cement , the NNP temple reveals the remarkable NN of the artists .	9	10	VBZ	reveals	reveal	1
as a result , world NN prices are more JJ , and the burden of NN falls RB on NN producers .	6	7	VBP	are	is	1
besides , if you think this question is JJ , you should see my last one .	6	7	VBZ	is	are	1
colony is an unincorporated community in colony township , knox county , missouri , united states .	0	1	VBZ	is	are	1
such a system is definitely not ok .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the album is warren 's seventh release in the global underground series .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
RB later learns that these people are the families of his mother , NNP NNP 's , victims .	5	6	VBP	are	is	1
this program assumes that memory [ ] is VBN by JJ NNS .	1	2	VBZ	assumes	assume	1
another noteworthy feature is the monument VBG maurice , NNP of saxony , who also is buried in the NNP cathedral .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
displays include the themes of NN , NN , VBG and the village NN .	0	1	VBP	include	includes	1
main agricultural products are olive oil , NNP table NNS , NNS , and black NNS ( NN ) .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
first of all , a player chooses between a warrior or a NN for his or her starting character .	5	6	VBZ	chooses	choose	1
NNP ) could put together a list through collaboration ( we could VB it to avoid pov problems ) and provide a little summary of what the book addresses and the recommended NNS etc .	27	28	VBZ	addresses	address	1
the constituency returns one district councillor to the wong NNP sin district council , with an election every four years .	1	2	VBZ	returns	return	1
this would allow a design team to sketch out their ideas , put them into the system and clean them up , and then have the NN systems produce a physical model .	27	28	VBP	produce	produces	1
the finals themselves are composed of two groups of four teams ; each team plays the others in the group .	13	14	VBZ	plays	play	1
owned by NNP media , the station operates fox affiliate NNP ( owned by american spirit media ) through a shared services agreement ( NNP ) and the two share studios on north summit street in downtown toledo .	6	7	VBZ	operates	operate	1
his professional position is as the NNP smith professor of music at cornell university .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
this model VBZ that star formation VBZ via the action of shock waves produced by JJ winds and NN that VBD the JJ medium .	1	2	VBZ	proposes	propose	1
NNP NNP 's international career encompasses a wide array of guest appearances , NNS , and tour performances .	4	5	VBZ	encompasses	encompass	1
one `` given '' point is your house near the top of mt .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
NNP ( first name and dates unknown ) was an english first-class cricketer associated with NNP cricket club ( NNP ) who was active in the CD .	3	5	VBZ	dates	date	2
NNP history of harassment is also evident in reverting peoples talk pages .	1	4	VBZ	is	are	3
this book includes experience rules , abilities , and spells for JJ characters , new armor and weapons , and guidelines for NNS and siege equipment .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include	1
the type locality is NNP glacier , NNP NNP , NNP , NNP , france .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
even without artificial light , moon light sometimes makes it possible to travel or work NNS at night .	6	8	VBZ	makes	make	2
the NN is needed because no function could return an r in set s when the set is empty .	16	17	VBZ	is	are	1
this article is almost two years old and lacks any sources to establish notability of the concept .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
NNP railway station is a major station in the suburb of NNP , sydney .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
females grow to 14 mm in JJ length , while males are not known to VB 13 mm NNP .	0	1	VBP	grow	grows	1
the NNP road passes through the village .	2	3	VBZ	passes	pass	1
some practitioners have mathematics , science , engineering , or technology degrees .	1	2	VBP	have	has	1
the college offers NNS to eligible students .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer	1
instead , students travel to the institute for advanced learning and research ( NNP site ) or new college institute ( NNP site ) to take courses offered by the program .	2	3	VBP	travel	travels	1
from the results of the 2008 international NNP NNP championships , the world 's three leading national teams are currently canada , india , and NNP .	17	18	VBP	are	is	1
the NNP railway line opens as part of the new NNP project , which also included construction of the NNP spur and NNP railway station .	3	4	VBZ	opens	open	1
highways make up the NN of an areas NN infrastructure , and are as important as railway lines .	0	1	VBP	make	makes	1
the school 's course NNS are honors and JJ courses .	4	5	VBP	are	is	1
in flanders , the JJ part of the country , the tests are optional .	11	12	VBP	are	is	1
among others , these musicians include the NNP , jim NNP , justin NNP , bob NNP , the NNP lodge , jim NNP , NNP case , two hours traffic , and the NNP of NNP .	4	5	VBP	include	includes	1
a county office fails the first part , and merely listing that the members of the board are members of the board fails the second .	2	3	VBZ	fails	fail	1
the institution does this by means of studying , VBG and preserving archaeological findings , history , folklore , language , art and certain aspects of nature , environment and landscapes and presents its findings through exhibitions .	1	2	VBZ	does	do	1
RB for us all , on wiki , the writing is on the wall , literally and RB .	9	10	VBZ	is	are	1
the building has a commercial area on the third floor , and a JJ underground parking garage with a capacity for 2 , 000 cars .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
no one knows what they first called themselves .	1	2	VBZ	knows	know	1
it is believed that fewer than 1 , 500 NNP cars still exist .	10	12	VBP	exist	exists	2
meanwhile , we learn that the tension is in fact carefully VBN by a NN terrorist group VBN by arms manufacturers .	6	7	VBZ	is	are	1
the band 's next full length album is phoenix .	6	7	VBZ	is	are	1
when people start demanding `` NNS '' , charlie struggles with homosexuality when he finds himself attracted to tony , the man with whom his wife , NNP , has had an affair .	1	2	VBP	start	starts	1
records also indicate that oil was discovered in NNP and NNP in 1958 by shell b p petroleum company two years after the first discovery was made in NNP now in NNP state , but exploration of the oil was not carried out by the federal government .	0	2	VBP	indicate	indicates	2
personally , i think the show is far right , white nationalist , etc .	5	6	VBZ	is	are	1
because of this , it is a bad thing to VB JJ information on articles on all private figures ; a better idea would be to abandon the term and VB only articles whose subjects are RB notable on a case by case basis .	34	35	VBP	are	is	1
however , when he engineers the death of the god NNP , the gods finally decide he has gone too far , and VB him to a rock with a NN VBG NN above him .	13	15	VBP	decide	decides	2
as the JJ religion grows , it takes on a life of its own .	3	4	VBZ	grows	grow	1
west coast NNS are generally free to users ( `` NNS '' , no toll charged per use ) , although since the 1990s there have been some small experiments with toll roads operated by private companies .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
the organization reports worldwide membership of over 7 .	1	2	VBZ	reports	report	1
this notion VBZ the NN of geographical NNS .	1	2	VBZ	captures	capture	1
as germany 's NN laws possess a JJ statute of limitations , dr .	4	5	VBP	possess	possesses	1
the new NNS of disease thus generated are referred to as NNS ( sometimes abbreviated mets ) it was previously thought that only JJ NN cells and NNS have the capacity to VB ; however , this is being VBN due to new research .	25	28	VBP	have	has	3
firstly references need to VB to around 30 at least for an article of that size .	1	2	VBP	need	needs	1
the coastal areas are highly productive and the maximum NN value is found around 100 meters depth .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
all the articles lucy cites lack any real world notability and are only JJ information .	2	5	VBP	lack	lacks	3
a negative value represents a delay , and a positive value represents an advance .	2	3	VBZ	represents	represent	1
the waters continue to the NNP de NNP before entering the canal itself .	1	2	VBP	continue	continues	1
the station also features live and local air personalities through many NNS , including weekends .	1	3	VBZ	features	feature	2
the drink reflects their personal NNS and also helps spread their theme and color throughout the room matching the reception NN .	1	2	VBZ	reflects	reflect	1
the family now lives in NNP , NNP .	1	3	VBZ	lives	live	2
four and twenty is the number of NNS VBN in a NN in the traditional english NN NN sing a song of NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the NN opening severely VBZ one 's range of vision and is said to be like wearing horse NNS .	2	4	VBZ	restricts	restrict	2
i think that the sentence is JJR without unnecessary and somewhat JJ marking .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
the claim seems most unlikely to me , but i am no scholar of worldwide constitutional practices .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem	1
the new name retains the NNS `` w .	2	3	VBZ	retains	retain	1
his most notable roles to date are those of jake in the channel 4 comedy pete versus life and NNP in the bbc comedy drama NNP .	3	6	VBP	are	is	3
the church is JJ and has little formal association with other churches .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
this is because many JJ institutions are often deeply involved and are JJ about their various missions to serve humanity .	5	6	VBP	are	is	1
NNP NNP 's account seems odd to me .	3	4	VBZ	seems	seem	1
a major education partner at epic is the norwich school of art and design , which has based its foundation degree in film and video at the centre since september 2007 .	3	6	VBZ	is	are	3
this is a fairly minor point , given that the map makes the area fairly apparent , but if you can mention the area of one or two of the larger islands in the text in the geography section that would be nice .	10	11	VBZ	makes	make	1
a young teen boy VBZ a drug dealer and VBZ out in a NN .	3	4	VBZ	flees	flee	1
he is the founder of the record label his album is on .	9	10	VBZ	is	are	1
the village has a population of CD .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
the crystal is one of a small number of NNP VBD NNS created for the circles around the court , although its form does not closely resemble any of the others .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the plan aims to provide assistance to potential NN class home NNS who are able to VB NNS in the long term but currently do not have enough savings for the down payment .	1	2	VBZ	aims	aim	1
the album features NNP ( vocals ) , NNP ( guitar ) , drummer NNP NNP , bassist NNP NNP , vocalist NNP rose NNP and JJ NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature	1
a bullet coming down is very dangerous .	1	4	VBZ	is	are	3
translated in 1930 , the document reveals the NN and NN of ancient egyptian medicine .	5	6	VBZ	reveals	reveal	1
these legends generally take the form of a prominent member of local society VBG a NN with a JJ family that members who could raise a house in a night and a day could keep the property .	1	3	VBP	take	takes	2
no comments on the rfc suggestion but badly conceived NNS are easy to VB - NNS not so easy .	9	10	VBP	are	is	1
the piece then begins a fresh loop from the beginning .	1	3	VBZ	begins	begin	2
operational JJ bodies are mayor 's service , service of chief administrator , the city manager 's service , public relations bureau , common affairs service , protection service and communal police .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
the page is totally different than the old page and meets wikipedia policy guidelines for npov and notability a lot better than the old debate .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
some oral traditions claim that NNP was NNP 's favourite NN , and as such was sent from heaven to create the earth .	2	3	VBP	claim	claims	1
the result was speedy redirect , if such a thing exists .	9	10	VBZ	exists	exist	1
b ) this field contains the raw noise obtained from the sensor .	3	4	VBZ	contains	contain	1
throughout the festival people pay NN to the various forms of the supreme goddess , NNP .	3	4	VBP	pay	pays	1
this rice variety makes JJ yield of CD per ha .	2	3	VBZ	makes	make	1
the programme follows the various relationships between the NN and their servants , as well as NNP 's NN and james 's attempts to stop him .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow	1
the birds learn about the benefit of standard measurement .	1	2	VBP	learn	learns	1
the project has a friendly fork , NN , improved by NNP NN support , cairo based NN , color management and NNP files NN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
the increased flow velocity is either accomplished by VBG tall NNS , or by incorporating an JJ NN ( or both ) .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
the cross is high , wide , and thick .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
this category is for buildings , architects , and other topics related to the federal architecture style .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
with the majority of NN located on the right bank in the NNP area , wines are typically JJ , often VBN with the other classic NNP varieties .	15	16	VBP	are	is	1
the new bishop finds her a bad sign of old JJ ways .	2	3	VBZ	finds	find	1
university of NNP , whose campus is a principal filming location , particularly during the second and third series .	5	6	VBZ	is	are	1
future islands are a JJ band based in baltimore , maryland .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
for example , a speed limit provides a bright line and can stand on its own sign .	5	6	VBZ	provides	provide	1
a NN goes RB to VB a customs officer as corrupt .	1	2	VBZ	goes	go	1
large buses also provide public transport in NNP , as of 2008 .	1	3	VBP	provide	provides	2
its JJ network has more than 9 , 000 physicians , hospitals and other healthcare providers .	2	3	VBZ	has	have	1
however , the lack of any reference sources is a NN for any wp article ( all wp articles need reliable , verifiable sources for notability and everything else come second ) .	18	19	VBP	need	needs	1
other notable shows include NNP canada , proof positive , america 's VBN hotels , ghost hunters ( not to be confused with the earlier european NNP ) , ghost adventures , and a NNP .	2	3	VBP	include	includes	1
every reference appears to be from someone with an NN to VB saying how evil this group is .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear	1
the NNP numbers grow RB RB as a function of n .	2	3	VBP	grow	grows	1
NN more acceptable than the islamic resistance ( to NNP ) , but these opinion boxes add nothing but NN to the project .	15	16	VBP	add	adds	1
it would seem to me that the trend in NN would suggest that this page is of interest to a wider audience than it might seem .	14	15	VBZ	is	are	1
NNS NNP NNP ) [ 10 ] this JJ black actress plays JJ secretary NNP on NNP stone , but you may also remember her role as NN teacher NNP NNP on boston public or as the JJ wife of dr .	10	11	VBZ	plays	play	1
however , unlike JJ geographic features , arbitrary astronomical objects are unlikely to be visited or run across by a general reader of wikipedia .	9	10	VBP	are	is	1
the new card comes in five different designs .	2	3	VBZ	comes	come	1
the most significant surviving populations occur in areas of difficult access in the northern amazon region along the borders with brazil and peru , and within protected areas .	4	5	VBP	occur	occurs	1
unfortunately my wikipedia identity is JJ to my real name and i have already been the subject of harassment .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
space segment based JJ systems are the only widely known cases where JJ NN technologies have emerged .	4	5	VBP	are	is	1
other roles include carl NNP in NNP NNP movie NNP than the male ( 1967 ) , count NNP in the matt NNP film the NNP crew ( 1969 ) and `` lord ashley 's NNP '' in john NNP 's the NNP letter ( 1969 ) .	1	2	VBP	include	includes	1
however , the resulting society is deeply JJ by the lack of females and ordinary family structure .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
jin da NNP , a 28 JJ female is the daughter of a provision shop owner .	7	8	VBZ	is	are	1
the town spans about north to south , but is less than a NN ( 0 .	1	2	VBZ	spans	span	1
an NN block is my second choice .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
JJ signs are more common in younger animals as the levels of maternal NNS begin to VB , from as young as two weeks old .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
any other use needs its own rationale .	2	3	VBZ	needs	need	1
the above development is a special case of general JJ motion .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
a circular section contains two theaters and is connected to the tower by the JJ pavilion .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain	1
NNP time is the time it takes to complete the NN ( VBG and coming to a stop ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
NNP personally think that this proposal is a good idea .	5	6	VBZ	is	are	1
there is little known about his origins , but as the 8th NN in the poem suggests , the author identifies himself as NNP , literally meaning , `` someone from NNP '' ( not to be confused with the JJ city of NNP near NNP ) .	19	20	VBZ	identifies	identify	1
allowing players to enter the water at any time means that sometimes no one enters for a long time .	13	14	VBZ	enters	enter	1
either such occurrence is very rare .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
upon death , the NNP knight VBZ from the point where it was last shot ; this visual effect also occurs when certain enemies are killed by NNP weapons .	18	20	VBZ	occurs	occur	2
his latest film is bangkok dangerous with nicolas cage .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
but NNP 's NN makes ben VB his relationship with diana 's sister , and he breaks up with april .	3	4	VBZ	makes	make	1
if the benefit is that this list remains a fl , than that would seem like a pretty justified solution to me .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
in the patient room , house 's JJ patient refuses house 's offer to be VBN with NN for his last few hours .	8	9	VBZ	refuses	refuse	1
NN NN is a dish made from VBN NNS , the versions of which vary throughout different regions and countries of the world .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
symptoms often start with VBG followed by four to eight days of NN NN .	0	2	VBP	start	starts	2
these two articles seem to be of the same kind .	2	3	VBP	seem	seems	1
a media report claims that burton would play an academy award winning actor down on his luck who suddenly wins another academy award .	2	3	VBZ	claims	claim	1
the lead is two whole sentences , which is way too small for an fl now .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the most JJ names are NNP , who could have been any of the NNP brothers or perhaps their famous nephew richard NNP ; and stevens , who may have been the great NNP himself .	3	4	VBP	are	is	1
the reason for this is that their previous album , blow up , was not VBN well by listeners and lost a lot of fans .	1	4	VBZ	is	are	3
many people have small NNS that develop in their NNS , and it is quite rare to have a large and VBD JJ stone .	1	2	VBP	have	has	1
it explains clearly why your game is not yet suitable for a wikipedia article .	5	6	VBZ	is	are	1
a constitutional referendum is to be held in libya after the country 's new constitution has been drawn up by a constituent assembly .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the optical system consists of two mirrors and , generally , a low power telescope .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist	1
unfortunately the explosives fail to collapse the hotel and the team must come up with an alternate plan .	2	3	VBP	fail	fails	1
the year is special and relevant because it is the year of publication of the source , and describes the contents .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
holland NNP cartridge is probably the closest JJ twin of the 9 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the bugs later apologize to VB for what they 've done and they accept him back in the group .	1	3	VBP	apologize	apologizes	2
NNS include NNP NNP , tony NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP , NNP NNP and NNP NNP .	0	1	VBP	include	includes	1
donations are not notable per se .	0	1	VBP	are	is	1
JJ fields play an important role in modern physics .	1	2	VBP	play	plays	1
fair use for image in NNP NNP NNP this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	9	10	VBZ	is	are	1
the kids all go to the NNP side , including jimmy , who followed them .	1	3	VBP	go	goes	2
saying that for any fixed NN a , that equation has only RB many solutions for n and k is at least a NN i can understand .	9	10	VBZ	has	have	1
my system meets the storage and memory requirements .	1	2	VBZ	meets	meet	1
the NNP statute describes in detail JJ uses of the funds within the four broad NN purpose areas , determining what projects are eligible for NNP funding .	21	22	VBP	are	is	1
in NN , red meat is JJ meat , as VBN with white meat .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
this JJ documentary takes a look at the challenges facing NNP , who RB wanted to VB his family from his homeland to canada but was instead called to serve as the king of a tribe in his native southern sudan .	2	3	VBZ	takes	take	1
the nominator of an afd should bear in mind that their particular interpretation of policy is not necessarily the only one .	12	15	VBZ	is	are	3
safety features include six NNS , NN control and NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes	1
the majority opinion by chief judge paul NNP michel characterized the issue as whether the claimed method is a JJ `` process , '' as the patent statute ( 35 u .	16	17	VBZ	is	are	1
NNS enter egypt after two years of NN ( according to one interpretation of internal biblical NN ; an alternate date is 1986 bc ) .	20	21	VBZ	is	are	1
leaves stay wet longer in JJ NNS .	0	1	VBP	stay	stays	1
it seems to me that the question is whether or not the NNPS will VB the proposed finding of fact .	6	7	VBZ	is	are	1
the answers to questions are really good .	1	4	VBP	are	is	3
the trails follow motorway NNP and an abandoned railway track into forest , and meets the NNP again near the bridges of NNP NNP .	1	2	VBP	follow	follows	1
the following table shows the other processes and NNS that the java .	2	3	VBZ	shows	show	1
the new campus is next to the NNP , an entertainment district at greenwich peninsula , which has the intention of bringing the institution closer to partner institutions and the industries to which it relates .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
this board is the NN for the canadian security intelligence service , or NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
however , this negative view of NN is not universal , NNP and NNP argue that NN has JJ systems of social relationships have positive elements in producing social capital and that JJ NNS can VB with JJ JJ ones .	4	7	VBZ	is	are	3
i thought i 'd ask here to see if people think this is NN like i do ( and thus should be moved back ) .	9	10	VBP	think	thinks	1
bacteria , NN and JJ larvae can enter the pool if water is not properly VBN .	11	12	VBZ	is	are	1
as the body begins to VB , a compilation of NNS will VB to the ground .	2	3	VBZ	begins	begin	1
the view definition is easier to understand and more JJ with NNP than with microsoft project .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
so unless consensus at an article agrees that a particular claim is extraordinary , or it is being challenged by another rs , it will usually be ok to just VB the claim , not say that `` NNP says .	10	11	VBZ	is	are	1
surprise is now a rare lp .	0	1	VBZ	is	are	1
in the NN of NNP where the oral region is best preserved , the mouth seems to be very JJ .	8	9	VBZ	is	are	1
this volcano is a kind of mountain , and it seems odd to have an article on a mountain without the height in the lead .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
they can only get to the NNP through their sleep , and only their souls go , their body remains behind while they sleep .	18	19	VBZ	remains	remain	1
hello , my name is JJ , and i 've VBN to help VB this dispute .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
time is a fundamental component of measuring systems and has long been a major subject of art , philosophy , and science .	0	1	VBZ	is	are	1
the creation depends on the rainfall in the area of the cave .	1	2	VBZ	depends	depend	1
statistics are correct to end of afl career .	0	1	VBP	are	is	1
the idea is to move the reader more quickly from one piece of information to the next , which is what i take `` JJ '' to mean in the context of an encyclopedia article .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
as another example , certain JJ interactions are JJ between mice and humans .	6	7	VBP	are	is	1
this diff VBZ an ongoing controversy on the NNP article .	1	2	VBZ	illustrates	illustrate	1
this story argues NNP had died of his illness within a year of VBG it and that the NNP at NNP was actually a heavily VBN NNP in NN .	1	2	VBZ	argues	argue	1
some NNS treat the two as a single species .	1	2	VBP	treat	treats	1
however the article needs to be cleaned up in terms of the NN in the piece .	2	3	VBZ	needs	need	1
this process involves the in JJ generation of NN from its fe ( co ) 3 complex at low temperatures with the addition of NN ( iv ) NN NN ( can ) .	1	2	VBZ	involves	involve	1
the relatively low electron temperature makes NN construction NN and does not require the use of exotic materials .	4	5	VBZ	makes	make	1
currently the following tournaments use sets as their scoring system .	3	4	VBP	use	uses	1
shortly after crossing the railway , the road crosses NNP river .	7	8	VBZ	crosses	cross	1
an example of this is the power set operation .	1	4	VBZ	is	are	3
a researcher decides which population members to include in the sample based on his or her judgement .	1	2	VBZ	decides	decide	1
oral tradition maintains that this song is derived from a JJ NN .	1	2	VBZ	maintains	maintain	1
founded in 1994 , its current chairman is former green party td , roger NNP .	6	7	VBZ	is	are	1
this page is for VBG questions on how to use wikipedia .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the island contains some ruins from the dutch colonial era .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain	1
the video then continues when justice crew and beat NNP end up dancing together .	1	3	VBZ	continues	continue	2
the facility is open from 9 a .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
your evidence contains a couple of links but no actual diffs , as far as i can see .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain	1
the building currently has CD apartments , of office space , and one of philadelphia 's largest NNS .	1	3	VBZ	has	have	2
local populations appear to VB on locally available fruit .	1	2	VBP	appear	appears	1
NNP NNS completely lack NNS , the JJS way to distinguish the two species .	1	3	VBP	lack	lacks	2
an award-winning group of students works on web site design and has competed with other districts from across the state by building and VBG websites for JJ businesses and organizations .	2	5	VBZ	works	work	3
hope this is the right place to post this request .	0	2	VBZ	is	are	2
the route operates every 30 minutes monday to saturday .	1	2	VBZ	operates	operate	1
english teacher teaches 35 students ( in an average of more than one class session , since many teachers would teach multiple classes ) .	1	2	VBZ	teaches	teach	1
their irregular outbreak traces are evident in the high gothic windows , which were built later ( around 1500 to CD ) .	3	4	VBP	are	is	1
as well as the other hardware , also the NNP NNS are JJ products .	10	11	VBP	are	is	1
presently , the chief of police is randy scott .	3	6	VBZ	is	are	3
a category 10 airport , the airport comprises three NNS , a goods terminal and is the only british airport other than london NNP to operate two NNS over in length .	6	7	VBZ	comprises	comprise	1
in winter , when food is JJ , they commonly strip NN for consumption and satisfy themselves with plant stems .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
muslims of bulgaria ( which , as you very well know , are still a significant population and a majority in many of the areas captured by bulgarian in 1912 ) , this discussion is not about them .	33	34	VBZ	is	are	1
the third part takes the story to the beginning of caesar 's wars in NNP , now france .	2	3	VBZ	takes	take	1
while loosely associated with the presbyterian church , the college is JJ and does not require students to sign a statement of faith , though they are required to attend sixteen chapel services per NN .	9	10	VBZ	is	are	1
in any case , an editorial cartoon is not `` media coverage '' .	6	7	VBZ	is	are	1
the club generally attracts CD supporters to home matches , and whilst a low away support has been criticised around 1000 fans made the trip up to yorkshire to see the NNPS face the NNP giants in the super league NNP NNP .	1	3	VBZ	attracts	attract	2
ancient accounts suggest NNP lived beyond the age of 90 and was apparently still personally leading the armies of his kingdom when he died .	1	2	VBP	suggest	suggests	1
i also explained why this fact is relevant to the publications section .	5	6	VBZ	is	are	1
the winter wolves NNS are similar to those of a normal wolf .	3	4	VBP	are	is	1
if you decide that the NNP would be useful to you , you might choose to pay for a tool that VBZ the specification ; several NNP members are software NNS who are developing NNP tools .	27	28	VBP	are	is	1
some ruins of the north abbey can still be seen , and the area is also home to the main cemetery of NNP .	13	14	VBZ	is	are	1
view of NNP is an oil painting by johannes NNP .	0	3	VBZ	is	are	3
the second track has NNP ( NNP manuel ) , a student who loves bike and also repair the same as a NN , and NNP ( NNP rose ) , a girl on whom NNP VBD his bike into .	2	3	VBZ	has	have	1
he finds his relationship with NNP NNP becoming increasingly difficult , as his own divided NNS begin to trouble him .	15	16	VBP	begin	begins	1
his siblings are norman abraham NNP and eva NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
so , my question is pretty simple .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
the soundtrack album consists of seven instrumental tracks by young , with NN NNS from the film and johnny NNP reading the poetry of william blake VBD between the music .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist	1
so prices will look higher in terms of sterling than in dollars , even if their purchasing power is the same .	17	18	VBZ	is	are	1
today , a statue of johnson stands in cleveland 's public square depicting him holding henry george 's book , `` progress and poverty .	3	6	VBZ	stands	stand	3
with age comes more power , and the light of NNP is now powerful enough to VB planets .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come	1
its aim is to advance the science and application of space safety .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
RB , a modern aspect of NNP is the construction of modern express roads .	4	7	VBZ	is	are	3
chinese characters , to allow for JJ writing ( one NN always takes up one NN no matter how many letters get VBN into building that one NN ) .	10	12	VBZ	takes	take	2
true provided that respect is given to the possibility that consensus can change or that a challenge may be raised to whether the guideline is indeed applicable in a given situation .	23	24	VBZ	is	are	1
proposed NN buildings include NNP which began construction in early 2007 prior to its NN in july 2008 .	2	3	VBP	include	includes	1
the game is in an east versus west format , with each team made up of 40 of the best high school NNS from across the nation as determined by rivals .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the NNP scheme is the most classical approach and usually VBZ the NNP equation and the continuity equations for carriers considering the NN and NN components .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the names given here are the names used by the architect of the capitol , which uses the names that NNP used most frequently in his letters and that were used in edward clark and by newspaper articles .	1	4	VBP	are	is	3
each district also has a deputy district officer ( NNP ) or an assistant district officer ( NNP ) , as well as district training officers .	1	3	VBZ	has	have	2
i guess the check is still in the mail .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
the library provides its members with a range of services and materials , including an extensive collection of electronic resources .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide	1
the four NNS now stand empty and unused .	2	4	VBP	stand	stands	2
looks like you have what you want .	0	3	VBP	have	has	3
per NNP it should be possible to find sufficient sources on the us related aspects of the subject to bring this to at least ga status if editors so desire .	27	29	VBP	desire	desires	2
his works are in collections around the world , both private and public , including the raf college , NNP , the royal air force museum , NNP and the raf club , NNP , london .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
along with its regional partners , the carrier serves CD destinations in 39 countries worldwide .	7	8	VBZ	serves	serve	1
the article needs a npov rewrite .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need	1
the river 's source is in the san NNP mountains , one of the NNP ranges , above NNP NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
the lawsuit VBZ `` widespread NN and JJ exploitation '' of NN 's source code and `` equally damaging NN of trade secrets '' developed and owned by NN with `` investments of millions of dollars over the last ten years .	1	2	VBZ	alleges	allege	1
one day , when VBG with a fellow monk he is RB quoted as saying `` the devil NNS away when our spiritual prayers are JJ and warm '' .	23	24	VBP	are	is	1
jack does not believe that the relationship is serious since carol never stays at NNP 's apartment .	6	7	VBZ	is	are	1
the document suggests a complete separation between NNP ' NNP , and the variant of english NNP of the time .	1	2	VBZ	suggests	suggest	1
the major differences are the fact that the boot sector does not need to contain the ibm compatible jump sequence at the beginning ( typically CD NNP NNP or CD $ 90 ) , the lack ( before NNP 1 .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
the figures speak for themselves , proving not only that hockey has mass appeal on television , but also that the target audience presents a very attractive commercial NN for potential sponsors and NNS .	1	2	VBP	speak	speaks	1
the second plaque contains a poem the then editor of the south wales NNP , w j collins , entitled soldiers of industry .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain	1
these variations essentially determine whether you go around the track forward or reverse .	1	3	VBP	determine	determines	2
comment the topic ban only needs to be on all those whose JJ NNS are VBN by the occasional harsh word used when presenting real home NNS .	3	5	VBZ	needs	need	2
the moscow scenes are JJ taken in an effort to capture a moment of the beauty of city life .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
NNS know that such firms will have problems VBG .	0	1	VBP	know	knows	1
the distance to NNP is and to NNP is .	1	4	VBZ	is	are	3
all known free NNP versions are now end of life and the JJ code was VBN into other , newer NNS , like the upcoming NNP or the currently released NNP .	4	5	VBP	are	is	1
the eastern border is the NNP river , the western border is the NNP river about 40 km east of NNP , and the southern border is the ridge of the NNP des NNP .	10	11	VBZ	is	are	1
my suggestion is that he VBZ my well meant advice that he realize that it is better to withdraw from a discussion RBR rather than later ( given here ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the company performs in the NNP des arts , 7 JJ du NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	performs	perform	1
the academic support center houses project NNP , a RB funded trio student support services program designed to help eligible students stay in school , graduate , and transfer to a four-year institution .	20	21	VBP	stay	stays	1
it is not indicated what size the records are .	7	8	VBP	are	is	1
it is possible to VB NNS without going into bankruptcy ( in the uk , individuals usually do this via an individual voluntary arrangement ( NNP ) , which is distinct from a bankruptcy ) .	15	17	VBP	do	does	2
if these have straight sides and sharp JJ corners , their shapes are usually JJ NNS .	11	12	VBP	are	is	1
the civil parish has an area of and in the 2001 census had a population of CD in CD households .	2	3	VBZ	has	have	1
while saying he was willing to discuss the issue , he also said he does not believe lebanese troops are yet capable of defending the country .	18	19	VBP	are	is	1
notable and verifiable as far as blogs go .	6	7	VBP	go	goes	1
i think the information is interesting and i wish that it could be saved in some way somewhere .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
warnings are not just within the NN of admins , any of us can warn users .	0	1	VBP	are	is	1
albany movement civil rights protest against NN is active in albany , ga .	4	7	VBZ	is	are	3
each set includes a small number of JJ life and job cards , allowing players to create their own cards to add to the game .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include	1
a type CD fire control radar controls the main gun .	5	6	VBZ	controls	control	1
the NNP ( ) family is a branch of the NNP , NNP tribe of afghanistan ( who are a NN of the greater NNP clan ) .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
the castle is home to the town hall .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the center serves the local community , including students and their families , regardless of insurance or income , with an emphasis on VBG medical , dental and JJ health .	1	2	VBZ	serves	serve	1
as with most other NN units , the rock beds that define the NN are well identified , but the exact start and end dates are uncertain by a few million years .	24	25	VBP	are	is	1
i would support some kind of regular review of actions that would then be VBN by , say , arbcom or a committee of peers as to whether the comments reveal anything that needs acting on .	29	30	VBP	reveal	reveals	1
indirect written sources indicate that it most probably took place between CD and CD .	2	3	VBP	indicate	indicates	1
so far i have n't commented on this thread , but it appears that many editors feel that something more JJ should be done with NNP .	15	16	VBP	feel	feels	1
journals about law are also just like journals about fishing .	0	3	VBP	are	is	3
the foundation 's mission is to strengthen and VB global communities .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
i 'm getting fed up with working out whether individual books deserve NN or not .	10	11	VBP	deserve	deserves	1
first , he argues the riot VBZ how the elite 's NNS regularly VBD the rule of law they held out as their JJ mission .	5	6	VBZ	illustrates	illustrate	1
it has been discovered that rats VBP long , high frequency , JJ , socially induced NN during rough and JJ play and when VBN .	5	6	VBP	emit	emits	1
east is a highly competitive school in which students typically score above the national average on JJ tests .	8	10	VBP	score	scores	2
for the majority of the game , the player controls NNP , the daughter of the recently deceased king .	8	9	VBZ	controls	control	1
the NN structure is a JJ ring , JJ to the JJ NN ring but with three NNS replaced by NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
this position is further developed with the argument that NN ( being aware of one 's NNS ) does not VB to NN ( being aware of PRP as an individual ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
NNS have no legal standing by the constitution , but they have real power .	0	1	VBP	have	has	1
the game offers a JJ campaign mode , online NN for 2 to 4 players , and JJ content , including ships , items , plans , planets , factions and missions .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer	1
articles have no pov NNS and are strongly linked with the NN !	0	1	VBP	have	has	1
it is only a matter of time until that format makes its way over to wrestling .	9	10	VBZ	makes	make	1
the line is single track ( with VBG and other provisions for a second track ) , and has 22 passing NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the third step is to take over the world !	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
this category is for those members of the NNP family that are or were engaged in political activity in ireland .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
in return , opponents refer to NNP as the `` duke of NNP '' for his devotion to process .	3	4	VBP	refer	refers	1
a system based on this logic will attempt to trace a path from NN nodes all the way to disease classification nodes , using probability to determine which path is the best fit .	28	29	VBZ	is	are	1
other notable examples include the french NNP CD andr NNP series based on the jean bruce character and claude NNP 's tiger trilogy ( le NNP RB la chair NN , le NNP se JJ  la NN , and blue NNP , aka marie NNP NN dr .	2	3	VBP	include	includes	1
the NNP also VBZ NNS to the national NNP school at the united states coast guard training center , NNP , virginia the NNS teach the inland search and rescue class throughout the united states and at many worldwide military locations .	23	24	VBP	teach	teaches	1
in february 1921 , strikes NN in NNP when workers take to the streets demanding better food NNS and more union autonomy .	9	10	VBP	take	takes	1
according to singer , the reason for this is that the knowledge that water NNS fire was activated to VB the events described in JJ .	5	8	VBZ	is	are	3
his present residence is in NNP , minnesota .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
this NN system is JJ because different NNS are better suited to different tasks .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
this NN represents many years of struggle over the extent to which the NN reflects the word of god and the struggle of NN of those who came to believe it did not fully do so ( e .	1	2	VBZ	represents	represent	1
once all friends have been freed , the game proceeds to a series of NNP 's NNS , and then to NNP himself .	8	9	VBZ	proceeds	proceed	1
in NNP , a village in NNP , a young socialist mayor decides to build a media library .	11	12	VBZ	decides	decide	1
the original NNP version is long out of print .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
this distinct geographical feature forms the NNP and NNP regions of NNP NNP , bosnia and herzegovina , which are separated by the river from the NNP part of the NNP region of serbia .	3	4	VBZ	forms	form	1
his early training and life is not well documented ; his father , originally of NNP , was a NN ( NN or NN ) for the NNP of NNP .	2	5	VBZ	is	are	3
these native speakers are mostly in NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
it is a rock formation dome made up of in a JJ NNP sandstone , which is particularly special because normally the sandstone is JJ white ( in this part of utah ) or red ( in places like NNP national park ) .	22	23	VBZ	is	are	1
the festival 's aim is to `` VB the american vision of israeli culture and society through film .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
NN players have lower NN NNS , and NNS have an upper NN NN .	1	2	VBP	have	has	1
in NNP NNP the building is the headquarters of the NNP organization , and several major battles occur at the building .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
specialized units work together with NNP squadron NNS providing intelligence and communications .	1	2	VBP	work	works	1
according to the 2002 census , the ward has a total population of 17 , CD .	7	8	VBZ	has	have	1
the comments by NNP express them completely and i strongly VBP .	1	4	VBP	express	expresses	3
note that the reason you can go so much further down in an air shaft than a JJ shaft is the much lower density of air , which means the pressure VBZ up far more gradually , due to less mass above you .	30	31	VBZ	builds	build	1
each NN also sets the theme for the episode .	1	3	VBZ	sets	set	2
this project is on hold , pending approval of the fiscal year 2011 capital budget .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
some vehicles and vessels are equipped with hardware that is able to automatically send an NNP text message when a particular event happens , such as theft , anchor NN or breakdown .	21	22	VBZ	happens	happen	1
VBG matters are the host , information NNS resembling angels , who were VBN to kill everyone on board .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
the novel 's human characters fall into two major groups , those on earth and those who are taken aboard the NNP NN as NNS .	4	5	VBP	fall	falls	1
other published works include ballad of the yorkshire NNP ( 1986 ) , written in yorkshire dialect , and NNP NNP ( 1996 ) , illustrated with NNS by NNP NNP .	2	3	VBP	include	includes	1
the highway travels RB along chicago road through farm fields and residential neighborhoods .	1	2	VBZ	travels	travel	1
VBG a capacity of 350 , the lecture theater occupies a total area of and is equipped with an audio and visual system and JJ walls .	8	9	VBZ	occupies	occupy	1
the sources look good , what there are of them .	1	2	VBP	look	looks	1
some poison NN VBZ species include a number of JJ color NNS that emerged as recently as 6 , 000 years ago .	4	5	VBP	include	includes	1
johnny 's sister NNP ( sutton foster ) visits and he explains to the NNP what a sister is .	17	18	VBZ	is	are	1
the area contains many NNS as well as `` NNS '' pub , so called because the NNS from the large NN in the JJ area would go in there after work .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain	1
for the last few days , whenever i search for any page on wikipedia that does n't exist , the `` there was a problem with your search '' text comes up every time , with the google and NNP links .	29	30	VBZ	comes	come	1
a player may lift his ball from the green to clean it , but must mark its position and must not lift it when another ball is in motion .	25	26	VBZ	is	are	1
the tag was removed after several further references were added to support the fact that the group exists , is notable and that they have recorded .	16	17	VBZ	exists	exist	1
this usage is widespread throughout the central regions of italy , not only in NNP , and until recently , it was considered redundant and JJ by italian NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
unless this person is ok with their license plate being shown , and has said as much , a courtesy NN or NN of the number would probably by the best option .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
an analog circuit is one that uses continuous time NNS and NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
dry spells are not uncommon and may occur at any time of the year .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
the NN first transformed into a NN through NN and then more divisions lead to a NN that consisted of just a NN , and an NN .	12	13	VBP	lead	leads	1
the college provides excellent academic and clinical facilities to the student , it also has an active alumni has of over 1000 students across the world .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide	1
system default is for bottom posting and the NNP does it weird and backwards for top posting .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
with the options VBG the number of skills actively available in each NN and the NN of skill choices and equipment , each battle is truly unique , requiring strategic planning .	23	24	VBZ	is	are	1
since NNP is not the only foreign language high school whose name starts with a d , the NN NNP is also used instead of NNP .	11	12	VBZ	starts	start	1
the NN ground colour is JJ in males and NN in females , VBN with JJ on the NNS .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
this site suggests NNP style is to VB both .	1	2	VBZ	suggests	suggest	1
other ritual practices place the body in a JJ position with the legs bent or VBN with the legs folded up to the chest .	2	3	VBP	place	places	1
parts of NNP are also in NNP 's `` popular blogs '' list ( the top 100 ) , which is ordered by link popularity in the NN .	0	3	VBP	are	is	3
hence , students have to bear the cost of transport and living expenses in addition to their school fees .	2	3	VBP	have	has	1
if an JJ male gets a female pregnant and they are n't married , the JJ male must have a NNP ( on NNP , a couple of NNS are used for this with no JJ ) , unless they get married .	3	4	VBZ	gets	get	1
these elements today are different as many cable companies that provide JJ access are excluded from having to share their NN elements and access points ; a result of being considered an information service rather than a telecommunications service .	1	3	VBP	are	is	2
although the park is open , there was a construction and development .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
i think the article is pretty solid .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
the movie VBZ as NNP and NNP gets selected into the state police as NNP and they along with NNP drive away in a NNP .	1	2	VBZ	concludes	conclude	1
the costa rican side is the NN of the country ( except for the island of NNP ) .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
this article essentially is an expansion of that template into an article .	1	3	VBZ	is	are	2
JJ NNS now include chocolate , mint and NN in addition to the original NN .	1	3	VBP	include	includes	2
the bulk of his career was during the CD when cricket reports are JJ and he VBD the seven years war which had a JJ impact on the sport .	11	12	VBP	are	is	1
the NN wings have slightly different NN .	2	3	VBP	have	has	1
the park has a unique record of more than than 400 species of birds , 82 NNS , 92 NNS , and about 1000 species of NNS .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
people are too JJ of vandalism .	0	1	VBP	are	is	1
the region includes many rivers including the grand river , red cedar river , NNP river , and flint river .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include	1
their NNS have no grounds whatsoever , but are done only to promote their own political views and nothing more .	1	2	VBP	have	has	1
weak VBP the article is no good , it has no claim of notability .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
most people use it to raise NN for a specific event , but i VBP you can use it long-term as well ( one group i found uses it to take donations for an NN ) .	1	2	VBP	use	uses	1
its scientific name comes from NNP NNP .	2	3	VBZ	comes	come	1
an alternative system uses VB NN ( VBN with liquid NN ) and either VB cloth or NN to fill holes and form shapes .	2	3	VBZ	uses	use	1
NN NNS make an appearance ( more specifically seven of them , in the NN of NNP ) and fight alongside you to help defeat the NNS and NNS .	1	2	VBP	make	makes	1
in my view a bigger problem in wikipedia is the culture of VBG which this NNP NNS .	5	8	VBZ	is	are	3
early word productions are RB simple and usually follow the JJ structure NNP or NNP , although this NN has been challenged .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
in summer , JJ systems usually bring JJ and fairly warm weather .	4	6	VBP	bring	brings	2
the truth is that the most influential women in history are , to use your list , alexander the great 's NN , julius caesar 's NN , napoleon 's NN , etc .	7	10	VBP	are	is	3
nevertheless in this case it VBZ the important point that not all editors are admins .	12	13	VBP	are	is	1
sometimes NNS are a bit too close to articles to spot things that are obvious to a more general audience .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
the JJ new york NNP season is the CD season for the new york NNP in the national hockey league .	5	6	VBZ	is	are	1
canadian war NNS are sites for burial for canadian military personnel for conflicts since 1867 .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
but the definition itself is adequate and does not need complement of commentary .	2	4	VBZ	is	are	2
players control NNP as she VBZ and fights through JJ stages spread across seven distinct worlds .	0	1	VBP	control	controls	1
while this particular southwest is notably different in many ways from the classic `` old south '' or southeast , these features are strong enough to give it a separate southwestern identity quite different in nature from that of the interior southwestern states to the west .	21	22	VBP	are	is	1
the canadian government decides whether or not to send NNP after a request from a country or the united nations .	2	3	VBZ	decides	decide	1
his overall record stands at JJ .	2	3	VBZ	stands	stand	1
i can certainly identify a failure in said engineering when the smoke rises and the car becomes an JJ object to which the police begin to VB violation notices .	15	16	VBZ	becomes	become	1
cover NNS are available in a variety of NNS , lengths , and NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
i was only pointing out that this editor is a bit too NNP to be trusted with a neutral opinion on NNP and NNP .	7	8	VBZ	is	are	1
the ridge of NNP is covered in NNS and at the NNS the ridge gets very rocky .	13	14	VBZ	gets	get	1
some NNS also display this unique social behavior .	1	3	VBP	display	displays	2
the purpose of legislation is to provide rules for the governance of society .	1	4	VBZ	is	are	3
her work VBZ human relationships to structure , particularly JJ NNS in geographic organization and narrative .	1	2	VBZ	investigates	investigate	1
now that a number of us are developing a new article to address this topic at NNP of the ancient NNP , this page is no longer needed .	23	24	VBZ	is	are	1
people VBP in ways they would normally oppose if a legitimate authority accepts responsibility for the consequences of that behavior .	0	1	VBP	behave	behaves	1
there are many where the only difference is NNS or JJ marks or JJ NNS or NN .	6	7	VBZ	is	are	1
the band consists of ben knox miller ( vocals , guitar ) , jeff NNP ( drums , vocals , double bass ) , mike NNP ( bass , trumpet , guitar ) and tyler NNP ( guitar , bass ) .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist	1
NNP railway station is on the sydney trains east hills line , west of NNP and east of NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
beaver creek flows through central NNP county , illinois , where the beaver creek network generally flows northeast to southwest .	14	16	VBZ	flows	flow	2
the radio station dates back to 1999 when it was named NNP ( new hampshire college would change its name to southern new hampshire university in 2001 ) .	2	3	VBZ	dates	date	1
NNP NN VBZ a JJ header file containing NN definitions to match the NN of the declared NNS and a c file containing NNS of the interface NNP .	1	2	VBZ	generates	generate	1
these articles relate to the pennsylvania state university and are in need of immediate attention .	1	2	VBP	relate	relates	1
since NNP does not have a football team , a NN basketball game takes places instead .	12	13	VBZ	takes	take	1
the celebrity is a famous man that is very JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
awards include best feature film at the NNP film festival and the NNP independent film festival , and nominations for best NNP and best set design at the NNP film festival .	0	1	VBP	include	includes	1
however , one source is not enough to qualify as significant coverage , and the subject does not seem to meet the general notability criteria .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
the game now consists of four rounds , namely the `` elimination '' , `` NN '' ( panic ) , `` NN '' ( strategy ) , and NNP rounds .	1	3	VBZ	consists	consist	2
august 2006 ( utc ) NNP NN redirect as NNP is no longer a separate page .	7	10	VBZ	is	are	3
for a page that only covers a month , two events are pretty good ( this is not wwe , who has at least ten shows in a month ) .	10	11	VBP	are	is	1
this song is the follow-up single to `` you 're the greatest lover '' and uses a JJ theme .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
i have attempted to clean the [ [ NNP gamma ] ] article many times , but the tag is still there !	18	19	VBZ	is	are	1
the airport includes a JJ airport rescue and NN ( NNP ) department ( index c ) , facilities , operations , engineering , security , and administrative personnel .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include	1
i read all the linked references and i still have no idea how this works , in particular , what collaboration adds to the process .	20	21	VBZ	adds	add	1
and reliable sources refer to the area as palestine ( NN for mandatory palestine ) .	2	3	VBP	refer	refers	1
we are still used to this historical accident , and have VBN it in our modern system of time keeping ( to different NNS - months are too long , JJ years are longer than other years , we use JJ seconds to VB solar time and atomic time .	25	26	VBP	are	is	1
some people have commented that this soup gives off the NN of wet socks .	6	7	VBZ	gives	give	1
the main problem is not usually the signature in isolation .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
dogs have a major religious significance among the NNP in nepal also in india particularly in NNP , north bengal and NNP .	0	1	VBP	have	has	1
egg NN is illegal in a number of european countries including germany , austria , and italy .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
this category includes softball players who competed at the 1995 pan american games in mar del NNP , argentina .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include	1
these templates are one of many examples of why we should n't overly use templates to say things on discussion pages .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
this category contains pages that have been rated as `` NNP '' by the video games wikiproject .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain	1
where a household 's income is relatively high the NNS are set at the market rate .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
seems to me that the question is whether gng applies , since he pretty clearly fails politician .	5	6	VBZ	is	are	1
shooting the launch NN when release is lit causes JJ NN to start .	5	6	VBZ	is	are	1
as a whole , the book marks clear the NN of the NNS of the various historic religions in the light of the NN of the NNP .	5	6	VBZ	marks	mark	1
rules of evidence are no different in an action for conversion than any other NN case .	0	3	VBP	are	is	3
i do not know exactly what is the current teaching on the position of the NN in tension NN , but the article indicates that it is JJ NN on the basis of one 2005 review .	22	23	VBZ	indicates	indicate	1
however , academic historians believe that this document was actually compiled at a much later date .	3	4	VBP	believe	believes	1
NNP NNP NNP involves RB JJ NN while the NN remains neutral ( in JJ extension ) so there is not NN .	9	10	VBZ	remains	remain	1
as soon as the NN uses NNS , the tenor becomes JJ and it will have become NN , which is the second form .	4	5	VBZ	uses	use	1
NN this JJ monster appears in episode 8 .	3	4	VBZ	appears	appear	1
the list presents the concepts RB , from top to bottom .	1	2	VBZ	presents	present	1
official website has no NN rank .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
of all the lords of the NNP fortress , folk tales best remember the bloody JJ NNP .	10	12	VBP	remember	remembers	2
because the english language has 40 sounds and only 26 letters , children and beginning readers also need to learn the different sounds ( NNS ) associated with each letter .	15	17	VBP	need	needs	2
the discussion here VBZ my opinion of that assessment .	1	3	VBZ	confirms	confirm	2
NNP , to demonstrate that light takes time in NN , and even to measure this time ; neither newton nor bradley VBD to VB the speed of light in JJ units .	5	6	VBZ	takes	take	1
the largest catholic community is at NNP ( 43 , CD ) .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
this category is for parties that support the establishment or preservation of a republic where a republic does not exist or is threatened , or were founded to do so , achieved their aims , and then continued operation after the republic was firmly established .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
it is a model of how good biographies start off .	7	8	VBP	start	starts	1
the concept is often useful for considering NN and meters .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
as long as the temperature is within the commonly accepted range of `` tropical '' and the ph is between 7 .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
another time later , the gang arrives in tennessee where they VBP a wealthy businessman named sam NNP ( pat NNP ) ( VBN after brewery owner william NNP whom the NNP gang kidnapped in 1933 ) .	5	6	VBZ	arrives	arrive	1
both countries maintain diplomatic relations established between NNP of egypt and kingdom of serbia in 1908 .	1	2	VBP	maintain	maintains	1
welsh NNS belong to one of two JJ NNS , NN and NN , but are not VBN for case .	1	2	VBP	belong	belongs	1
the house also has a small spiral secret NN joining the rooms on the east side .	1	3	VBZ	has	have	2
the logo is identical to sporting NNP de portugal old logo ( also known as sporting lisbon ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the fusion protein NNP is commercially available as NNP ( NN ) .	2	4	VBZ	is	are	2
after VBG , the females return to wet JJ land where they deposit their eggs on or near their host plants which are believed to be NNS , ( NNP NN ) .	4	5	VBP	return	returns	1
the normal JJ NN is absent and a burn may occur .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
the manner in which NNS communicate with their NNS RB may be more important than the JJ content ( NNP , p .	4	5	VBP	communicate	communicates	1
NNP syndrome is a rare syndrome which affects the face , heart , and back .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the novel 's action is set in NNP , a london neighborhood , and its main character is a young man , NNP , who joins a gang of NNP and hindu NNS making a living on the side VBG stolen cell phones .	16	17	VBZ	is	are	1
the first known NN in NNP is NNP NN , first erected in CD by king NNP v NNP .	3	6	VBZ	is	are	3
the school is part of an education NN along with st james residential college that provides 60 places for students to board while attending high school .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the vinyl edition is JJ CD vinyl with the album 's lyrics VBD on the d side .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the railroad is single track standard gauge and is operated by steam .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the channel offers at least 40 different movies every month and a NN sunday premiere each week , along with JJ JJ nights and special programming events to keep viewers VBN to the tv screen .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer	1
a wise man works for it .	2	3	VBZ	works	work	1
NNP RB VBZ virtually all of this information about himself in public , so some editors receive this information and start adding it bit by bit ( and it gets out of hand ) .	15	16	VBP	receive	receives	1
each section consists of long NNS connected by steel NNS , and the bridge supports are in concrete .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist	1
the movie is about an JJ lawyer VBG with a veteran NN to find out the truth in a possible police corruption scandal .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
popular species processed include NNS , NN , NN , NN , VBG , NN , salmon and NN .	1	3	VBP	include	includes	2
constraints express conditions that must be true in any solution of the problem .	0	1	VBP	express	expresses	1
an NN is not necessarily an editorial article but simply a notice of a person 's death usually with a short biographical account ( NNP webster online , definition of JJ ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the total greek order is for 20 NNP and 10 NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
a somewhat more obvious example is JJ `` JJ , JJ NN '' , which could be mistaken as a NN from the JJ word NN ( cf .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
the question now is whether we want redirects from the individual names .	1	3	VBZ	is	are	2
his most famous works include a tomb for boris NNP and the encyclopedia of the dead .	3	4	VBP	include	includes	1
the former route is JJ with interstate 5 from exit 6 to the junction of oregon route 99 in NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
its seat is the town of NNP , although the town is not part of the territory of the gmina .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the NNP report speaks to the fact that we serve a JJ audience , and we aim the project at a JJ society , and it suggests the divide can be VBN RB .	2	3	VBZ	speaks	speak	1
this arrangement means that public space is a large part of school life .	1	2	VBZ	means	mean	1
class m NNS reach their peak NN at around CD NNS after NN , and class f NNS reach their peak at approximately 5 NNS .	17	18	VBP	reach	reaches	1
the center also hosts various conventions and exhibitions during the year .	1	3	VBZ	hosts	host	2
this collection provides a valuable resource for studying the role of women during the early 20th century , and the development of health and medicine in puerto rico in general .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide	1
flowers hang at the end of NN stems up to tall in NNS of JJ flowers and have two long , thin NNS and four cream to pale yellow NNS .	0	1	VBP	hang	hangs	1
for other VBN christians ( NNPS and NNPS ) the conditions are more severe .	10	11	VBP	are	is	1
another instance is to present a NN offer .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
NNP NNP statue of NNP admiral NNP NNP , and naval port festival is compound word of the harbor and the naval base , but this festival main is cherry NNS .	26	28	VBZ	is	are	2
it becomes JJR and VB that things are not the way NNP thinks they are .	6	7	VBP	are	is	1
the car seat is for the car , '' he said .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the government consists of a mayor and a town council made up of six council members elected from three wards .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist	1
i am not VBG that sam NNP is JJ , nor that many people find his edits useful .	13	14	VBP	find	finds	1
NNP 's play also shows NNS to ben NNP 's the NNP and shakespeare 's the NNP ( the character name NNP in NNP 's play derives from NNP in shakespeare 's ) .	2	4	VBZ	shows	show	2
this arrangement would be of course equally JJ for obvious reasons but it is VBN to show that a beam of light has the necessary qualifications for our purposes .	19	22	VBZ	has	have	3
this yet again VBZ the fact that accurate , independent documentary evidence is available only up to the dutch period .	11	12	VBZ	is	are	1
the party is one of two groups of NNS on the county council , and forms part of the opposition to the ruling labour party .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
NNS occur in various sizes , and in many hull or seed coat colors , including black , brown , blue , yellow , green and VBN .	0	1	VBP	occur	occurs	1
although both towers have VBN NNS and pyramid NN , the east tower is JJR than the west tower , and has a slightly different design .	12	13	VBZ	is	are	1
the show 's producers continue to claim that the show becomes much more JJ towards the end of its six episodes when they show `` some eyes and hearts opening up , opinions changing , and a community NN '' .	3	4	VBP	continue	continues	1
bringing in the NNP '' is a popular american gospel song used almost exclusively by protestant christians ( though the content is not specifically protestant in nature ) .	20	21	VBZ	is	are	1
one field guide calls the NN `` a welcome sight after a long , desperate winter and .	2	3	VBZ	calls	call	1
a specific example of this is code switching .	2	5	VBZ	is	are	3
the school runs a NN with NNP NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run	1
blocked users often get angry and throw NNS on their talk page .	1	3	VBP	get	gets	2
since most of the range lies in the marine corps air ground combat center NNP NNP , where live ammunition practices occur , almost the entire mountain range is JJ to the public .	27	28	VBZ	is	are	1
the district is a part of NNP in western NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
in the present day , more than 7 years after the clubs inception , the team has a had increasing success in friendly NNS against local opposition .	15	16	VBZ	has	have	1
there are many good NNS and one of the best is NNP the mosque in hyderabad to have installed complete air NN , and the NNS are the best in both twin cities , with the VBN wooden work .	25	26	VBP	are	is	1
the leaves are JJ and JJ , except on young NNS , where they are JJ .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
the movie renaissance takes place in paris in CD .	1	3	VBZ	takes	take	2
oh , and my further comments on norman are absolutely relevant when this member of the NNP group is used as a source on liberation theology !	5	8	VBP	are	is	3
soon after , the NNS are off to a scheduled show in atlantic city .	4	5	VBP	are	is	1
NNP scholars VBP as to whether some elements of NNP mosque can be seen in saint NNP 's cathedral in moscow ( 8 NNS , a central NN , not typical for russian architecture ) .	1	2	VBP	speculate	speculates	1
the river is technically a highland carrier , as it is VBN and the water level is often higher than that of the land through which it flows .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
in NN , the NNS are free from attachment to the stem , and VBD close together , with little VBG VBN between them .	4	5	VBP	are	is	1
as the article mentions it represents a pov that goes considerably beyond mainstream orthodox jewish behavior .	2	3	VBZ	mentions	mention	1
the manuscript has 106 NNS and is VBN with 57 JJ NNS and over 100 JJ NNS .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
a NN circle is a monthly meeting of NNP women for the purpose of VBG NN and clothing to be distributed by service and missionary organizations to people in need around the world .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the geographical configuration makes traveling to the district difficult , so inhabitants formed their own community , even to their own militia .	2	3	VBZ	makes	make	1
some historians dispute NNP 's interpretation of the conference .	1	2	VBP	dispute	disputes	1
these groups also aim to demonstrate the NN and the desire of foreign NNP to contribute to the advancement of china and its peoples .	1	3	VBP	aim	aims	2
the article is in generally bad shape but one editor is making it difficult to make any progress .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
in contrast , other NNS may use NN buses for training ; this will be at JJ service times when more buses are available .	21	22	VBP	are	is	1
NNP is a genus of NN with about 65 species , 6 in australia with 2 or 3 endemic and the rest widely distributed in tropical asia , there are flowering and JJ varieties - the JJ plants have only a single leaf and are either JJ or JJ .	37	38	VBP	have	has	1
the wilderness area is in the swan lake ranger district .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
a NN chamber is a JJ housing containing a gas or fluid ( typically air ) at positive pressure ( pressure higher than NNS ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
NNP 's personal best throw is 22 .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
the two knights become friends when NNP realizes that NNP is a prince of denmark and NNP 's brother ; they return north .	2	3	VBP	become	becomes	1
the point o is actually the `` point at NN '' in the JJ plane .	1	3	VBZ	is	are	2
this policy seems to have worked as the NNP has been described as being `` one of the JJS transport systems in the world '' .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem	1
genes are the nodes and the edges are directed .	0	1	VBP	are	is	1
your account is old enough , but it has currently made nine edits .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the leaves are JJ , RB arranged , NN , oval , long , red when RB emerging , then green or green with JJ NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
the only evidence for their use at the JJ level comes from the duchy of NNP , where two private NNS contain requests for the duke to confirm them with his seal .	20	21	VBP	contain	contains	1
at dawn , he is still trying to find his way out of the jungle when a witch doctor appears .	18	19	VBZ	appears	appear	1
the modes of the VBG with VBG may avoid the core , and JJ NNS enhance this effect .	14	15	VBP	enhance	enhances	1
the novel also involves a terrorist arms dealing organization named `` the shop .	1	3	VBZ	involves	involve	2
NNP , the problem is that certain NNS assert their NNS into the page ( like saying NNP is not canon or less canon than anything else ) with no evidence to back it up .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
this page contains nominations from the main rugby league collaboration of the week page which have been removed because they were unable to receive a certain JJ number of votes .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain	1
that way we can see if the code works as it should .	7	8	VBZ	works	work	1
more seriously , NNP weight is not as much a problem ( pound is roughly half a NN ) but the 2 .	12	13	VBZ	is	are	1
for example , many people VBP about that NNP mathematics articles could only be understood by professional NNS .	4	5	VBP	complain	complains	1
other than differences in placement , and minor variations in color , NN and name , the land is very similar to the NNP and liberty square areas of the magic kingdom .	17	18	VBZ	is	are	1
in this case it also promotes good research skills and the NN the nominator is only relevant to the article namespace .	13	14	VBZ	is	are	1
but beyond that , such a discussion is not appropriate until the end of the article .	6	7	VBZ	is	are	1
his personality is great , but if he does n't like you , he 'll tell you straight up .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
once built , all players can use the new building , but the original builder gets a bonus every time an opponent uses it .	14	15	VBZ	gets	get	1
not notable , all references are to project 's own website except one link to microsoft .	4	5	VBP	are	is	1
so war chief is very notable .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the name derives from the germanic word NN meaning folk , from which around the 8th century the latin word NN VBG the german language developed .	1	2	VBZ	derives	derive	1
the australian NN has been part of all major NNS , but its association with NNP is especially notable as important NNS have been made RB with the african continental mass and antarctica .	13	16	VBZ	is	are	3
the highest point of the park is NNP alto at 1 , CD meters above sea level ; the lowest point is at CD meters .	20	21	VBZ	is	are	1
bot talk pages are the usual place to post issues about NNS , it keeps the discussions all in one place for other users with similar concerns .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
i doubt that many people look at what categories are on a page , and i doubt many people check why all the articles in a given category are there .	8	9	VBP	are	is	1
thus , on the surface of the earth , all free surfaces of NNS are horizontal unless NN ( except near NNS VBG into them , where surface tension VBZ the surface in a region called the NN ) .	11	14	VBP	are	is	3
i have repeatedly said , unsourced material that the burden is on you to show is verifiable .	9	10	VBZ	is	are	1
in philadelphia , pennsylvania in 1933 , NNP `` NNP '' bell formed a new national football league franchise to replace the defunct NNP yellow NNPS , naming this team the eagles in recognition of the NNP ( a name the team retains to the present ) .	41	42	VBZ	retains	retain	1
one theory is that they act to increase the NN of signal variations in continuous noise by VBG the VBG effect of its JJ NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
there , muhammad images are practically unknown .	3	4	VBP	are	is	1
the most dramatic entrance starts at the top of the NN with a simple path VBN by a NN to carry NN .	3	4	VBZ	starts	start	1
an exception is all the newspaper citations .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
in single race , 1st , 2nd , 3rd rank players get 3 .	10	11	VBP	get	gets	1
although NN NNS are less JJ than fine ones , the inner tension rises opposite to the NN size .	12	13	VBZ	rises	rise	1
keep just because an article is no good is not a reason to delete it .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
NN could be JJ also but this was a much more complicated process since NNS have trouble standing on three feet and have VBN NNS .	14	15	VBP	have	has	1
notable past winners include NNP NNP NNP ( 1943 ) , NNP hughes ( 1954 ) , martin luther king , jr .	2	3	VBP	include	includes	1
for those assuming that NNP and i are one in the same ; that assumption is incorrect .	14	15	VBZ	is	are	1
the area is of importance to VBG birds and is a NN zone for local NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
she has a 15 year old son whom father is NNP NNP .	8	9	VBZ	is	are	1
the two residential towers each have 21 floors , and stand tall .	3	5	VBP	have	has	2
as far as i am aware the fbi acts within us territory interest and the cia outside - but a lot of wikipedia is physically within the usa .	20	23	VBZ	is	are	3
even his NNS and competitors refer him with the tag POS ' ( CD ' in malayalam ) .	2	5	VBP	refer	refers	3
at the NNP town line , it turns more to the south , receiving the bush kill , whose NNS VBP the town of NNP , the only part of greene county in the delaware 's watershed , from the east just outside of NNP .	19	20	VBP	drain	drains	1
people are therefore afraid of his words when he says the word `` kill '' .	0	1	VBP	are	is	1
this session uses a wide range of activities , which are varied during the week , including NN , meditation , music and NN .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use	1
a white elephant is a supposedly valuable possession whose cost VBZ its NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
celebrating 23 years in business , the agency specializes in social marketing , JJ advertising and broadcast production .	7	8	VBZ	specializes	specialize	1
NNS of NN training argue that dogs are den animals and that the NN acts as a substitute for a den .	6	7	VBP	are	is	1
like most games , the point values can change and the NN can change so long as all players agree before playing starts .	18	19	VBP	agree	agrees	1
however , in economic theory JJ marginal and average costs are not very different .	9	10	VBP	are	is	1
NNP , until more rs are found ( second ref is now a dead link ) .	9	10	VBZ	is	are	1
while supply chain analysis focuses on vertical and network analysis on horizontal NNS across companies , VBP analysis incorporates both type of NNS into one concept .	17	18	VBZ	incorporates	incorporate	1
the eggs of NNS are likewise NNS , but rather small , and develop inside the body of the female , but do not form a NN .	1	4	VBP	are	is	3
the station is about CD east from NNP station on the NNP main line .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
local landmarks include the water tower , NN and NN .	1	2	VBP	include	includes	1
if at any time during the game the king is knocked down by a NN or NN , the throwing team immediately loses the game .	20	22	VBZ	loses	lose	2
another tunnel leads outside to a flat , JJ area , where one can walk around and look down to the NNP and the NNP glacier , as well as the surrounding mountains .	1	2	VBZ	leads	lead	1
NNP was formed in 1984 and , originally under the artistic leadership of neil NNP , the company VBZ australia 's most prominent and promising NNS , directors and actors .	17	18	VBZ	engages	engage	1
fac ( and this is still a long way away from being ready for that ) then the references all have to be consistent .	18	20	VBP	have	has	2
different publishers have different NN policies .	1	2	VBP	have	has	1
his employers end up being a man , named peter NNP , and his wife .	1	2	VBP	end	ends	1
the new NNP national NN team is the representative team for new NNP in international NN competitions .	5	6	VBZ	is	are	1
also , the way you hold a violin is rather JJ , causing a lot of NN with NNS ( you can get this with just about any instrument , but i believe the violin is one of the worst ) .	34	35	VBZ	is	are	1
the function ends about 2 am .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end	1
the route continues on a JJ track for another mile ( 1 .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue	1
IN other grades include member manager , associate member , gas NNP , associate , graduate and student status .	2	3	VBP	include	includes	1
a double NN NN is a type of NN that was constructed by the united states air force during the cold war .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
his writings occupy nine pages and a half of the british museum catalogue .	1	2	VBP	occupy	occupies	1
men are the decision makers for their families and are expected to financially provide for their families .	0	1	VBP	are	is	1
higher NNS increase the selection pressure for single site NNS that VBP resistance , as all NNS but those that carry the NN will be eliminated , and thus the JJ strain will VB .	1	2	VBP	increase	increases	1
the other possibility is that the fixed point set is a metric JJ , called bolt .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
that said , i do agree that the talk page needs to be VBN .	9	10	VBZ	needs	need	1
that statement falls under the category of ( NNS of new information or updates ) .	1	2	VBZ	falls	fall	1
the government changes NN at will , it does n't VB the economy by VBG images of what it has deemed to be legal tender .	1	2	VBZ	changes	change	1
the beat in NN is not a verb , but it shows another use of the word .	1	4	VBZ	is	are	3
i agree what you say about aboriginal people , but this article is not about them .	11	12	VBZ	is	are	1
the most important crops are coffee and rice , while other important agricultural products are JJ and NN .	3	4	VBP	are	is	1
opponents argue that rail freight volumes in the country have dropped near to zero in recent years and that indirect freight routes already exist from most large towns in the region .	0	1	VBP	argue	argues	1
the western media focus is now on japan and libya seems to be JJ story .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
red team already controls all the points on the map , and must hold these points from being captured by the opposing team ( NNP team ) for a length of time .	1	3	VBZ	controls	control	2
if an account has only bad faith edits it can be blocked on sight without warnings .	2	3	VBZ	has	have	1
a package can be obtained from the corresponding port with make package command ; VBN packages are also available for download from the NNP servers .	15	16	VBP	are	is	1
NNP stands firm , and the process begins .	6	7	VBZ	begins	begin	1
however the city 's residents still vote as part of the province 's 4th NNP NNP district for the purpose of VBG provincial board members .	4	6	VBP	vote	votes	2
JJ therapy is JJ in most cases ( depending on underlying NN ) , with fairly rapid NN of symptoms after only 2 to 3 days .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
as in labour with a baby in a normal JJ position , JJ NNS typically occur at regular intervals and gradually cause the NN to become NN and to open .	13	15	VBP	occur	occurs	2
NNP hall of billboard VBD that , `` while the production on some tracks is clearly dated , NNP ' lyrics are as NN and NN as ever .	20	21	VBP	are	is	1
some trees are believed to have power to cause death or life , in whatever case is applicable .	15	16	VBZ	is	are	1
the label is based in NNP , south australia and , as of december 2012 , its roster consists of the NNP NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , and NNP .	17	18	VBZ	consists	consist	1
although the language is somewhat JJ , and NN , the theory seems to be based upon some sort of JJ theory , maybe even a NN of NN in there , thus the article should be kept .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the italy national NNP football team is the national JJ football team of italy and is controlled by the italian football federation .	5	6	VBZ	is	are	1
but that is content dispute ; this article is perfectly JJ as an article .	7	8	VBZ	is	are	1
moreover , it is claimed that member nations are directly and RB VBG that NNP be more flexible and allow discourse on internal affairs of member countries .	7	8	VBP	are	is	1
this page is a simple content fork of porter airlines .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
each house belongs to an individual man or woman , but most social interaction occurs NNS .	13	14	VBZ	occurs	occur	1
VBG the hill riders face down directly at the ground and fall into the 97 degree drop .	3	4	VBP	face	faces	1
i made some changes to its format that should reduce its size to something less JJ and let those who have an interest in the pages it is intended for decide whether this template is useful .	33	34	VBZ	is	are	1
os and desktop environment they run , and the disabilities and JJ NN aids they have , then the fault is always NNS .	19	20	VBZ	is	are	1
support it seems everything is there that needs to be .	0	2	VBZ	seems	seem	2
this site VBZ a lot of traffic and it has interesting information and a long history .	1	2	VBZ	generates	generate	1
while many articles never make it out of afc space , it at least gives the article creator a chance to work with the community to improve problems , rather then having it RB deleted .	2	4	VBP	make	makes	2
key stage 3 incorporates years JJ ( JJ CD years of age ) and these students continue to study the national curriculum for england , modified to reflect the nature of the school .	15	16	VBP	continue	continues	1
modern windows are RB large NNS or squares with glass surfaces .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
page NNS can be appealed to this page , ani or arbcom if the banned editor feels an error has been made .	15	16	VBZ	feels	feel	1
the groups often also find that the dogs carry JJ diseases and NNS due to the lack of proper JJ treatments .	7	8	VBP	carry	carries	1
these photographs are generally in the public domain or the copyright holder has granted liberal use of the photographs .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
otherwise , any users of online services could be brought into court WRB the relevant servers happen to be located , which the court found to be an JJ result .	15	16	VBP	happen	happens	1
recent report says NNP has finished a NN design for NNP .	1	2	VBZ	says	say	1
after a short stretch the road enters the city of NNP where the name changes from broadway to third avenue .	5	6	VBZ	enters	enter	1
they will have to prove by the criteria above that the person is in fact dead .	11	12	VBZ	is	are	1
NNP , last i checked , the manual of style says that any referencing style is acceptable .	7	10	VBZ	says	say	3
level 2 questions require an additional level of thinking in order to answer the question .	2	3	VBP	require	requires	1
the JJ reaction starts at temperatures around , making it the dominant mechanism in smaller stars .	2	3	VBZ	starts	start	1
the parish town council consists of 5 councillors and a mayor .	3	4	VBZ	consists	consist	1
IN sales are an important part of the airline 's JJ revenue .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
NNP signal box is located between this station and NNP station , and the signal box connects to NNP NNP terminal via the NNP line freight branch .	15	16	VBZ	connects	connect	1
the mayor is about to marry the NN of the NN , the church is VBN with rats and the turkish quarter is surrounded by an open NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
an early create report authored by NNP NNP stated that `` operating on university grounds acts to VB students into the culture of learning associated with a university campus '' and that this location allows for `` JJ students serve as role models for the students they VBP .	33	34	VBZ	allows	allow	1
the association is catholic and counts about 23 , 000 members .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the literacy rate of NNP is high in comparison with other cities of the punjab .	2	5	VBZ	is	are	3
this concept VBZ most frequently in NNS , as applied to processes .	1	2	VBZ	arises	arise	1
bicycle is common mode of transportation .	0	1	VBZ	is	are	1
but JJ transactions are not JJ under law ; moreover , NNS are free to VB any other JJ law .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
NNP attachment manufacturers offer JJ NNS to estimate the safe NN capacity when using a particular attachment , but only the NN truck manufacturer can give accurate NN NNS .	2	3	VBP	offer	offers	1
this film follows NNP ( NNP NNP ) a woman who does n't know what her destiny has written for her .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow	1
also , the standard reason phrases are only recommendations and can be replaced with `` local NNS '' at the web developer 's NN .	5	6	VBP	are	is	1
now , the first tree is an enormous trunk , but struck by lightning and VBN off .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
harvest is early , with picking usually beginning at the end of august .	0	1	VBZ	is	are	1
as a general principle , the wider the antenna is in a given JJ direction , the JJR the radiation pattern will be in that direction .	8	9	VBZ	is	are	1
the highway turns south again onto north CD east before making a final turn east on county line road , crossing into NNP county and ending at u .	1	2	VBZ	turns	turn	1
the village also has one muslim family whose NNP NNP is the sole NN of the `` NN '' ( NN ) of NNP baba NNP shah NNP .	1	3	VBZ	has	have	2
the fruit is a JJ NN roughly a NN long .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
i 'm aware that this is a second open nomination for me ; however , my current nomination has four supports , one oppose which consensus has determined is invalid , and no JJ comments .	17	18	VBZ	has	have	1
the NNP instruction has 2 NNS -- ( i ) the number of the register to test , and ( ii ) the address to go to if the test is successful ( the hole is empty ) .	34	35	VBZ	is	are	1
political sphere consists of all political activity , domestic and international , of the selected nation .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist	1
i think the problem here is that this is an article worthy of JJ status - plus it is on an interesting and controversial topic and deals with it so well !	3	5	VBZ	is	are	2
the village has a population of about CD .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
these two companies make a NN of money off of the publication of off the nhl and its NNS .	2	3	VBP	make	makes	1
this book is a classic JJ and JJ book , which is similar to another JJ book - the power of positive thinking .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
he starts to VB his feelings for NNP are stronger than he wants to believe , and these feelings start to VB themselves as he becomes more and more protective of her .	18	19	VBP	start	starts	1
it is a personal statement , and i respect that , but the facts are that the candidate has a weak content contribution , did point to content contributions that were not VBN out under NN , and much of what the NNS said was legitimate .	17	18	VBZ	has	have	1
i agree with you , thought , that the user lacks experience that may prove useful when VBG NNS with questions regarding NN issues .	9	10	VBZ	lacks	lack	1
the business leaders are responsible to create improvement actions to address the performance issues that are identified during their analysis of the business performance data .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
since american high schools are generally always kept with often only a brief mention in the local media , why should this school get deleted when there is clearly more significant coverage .	3	4	VBP	are	is	1
a common error made when people look at the second law of NNPS is they forget the NN to that rule .	5	6	VBP	look	looks	1
this additional loss is in part due to the fact that there is some NN of the wheel , and for JJ NNS , there is more NN of the NNS due to the NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
though this image is subject to copyright , i , NNP NNP , believe its use is covered by the u .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
a historic heat wave continues to VB europe and is expected to continue for another week .	3	4	VBZ	continues	continue	1
that topic is list of `` occupy '' protest locations .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
i would explain to the NN about the issues going on and VB him that his edits are not permanently lost on wikipedia .	16	17	VBP	are	is	1
movement around the board starts on the outside and ends on the inside .	3	4	VBZ	starts	start	1
summers are generally dry and mild , but afternoon NNS occur RB and JJ temperatures could VB below VBG RB .	0	1	VBP	are	is	1
this JJ category of NNS provides the user with an exciting , innovative , cutting edge range of products giving pilots a barrier free line of NNS that have all the capabilities and reliability of certified instruments at a fraction of the price .	2	5	VBZ	provides	provide	3
the bus used is a specially VBN NN bus , coloured purple , with a ghost VBN exterior , with purple seats and NNS inside to create a mood for the tour .	1	3	VBZ	is	are	2
as the film begins , NNP NNP ( NNP singh ) and vernon ( NNP NNP ) are shown to have a common NN of playing soccer .	2	3	VBZ	begins	begin	1
the match traditionally opens the dutch football season in august one week before the NNP starts .	1	3	VBZ	opens	open	2
in many middle eastern countries , nursing homes are just recently coming into existence due to cultural and JJ NNS towards western values .	7	8	VBP	are	is	1
the last man is possible only by NN 's having VBN an JJ creature who has no great passion or commitment , who is unable to dream , who merely VBZ his living and keeps warm .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
his blog receives few comments , suggesting few readers .	1	2	VBZ	receives	receive	1
the album includes RB ' and JJ ' JJ beats and ballad VBD keyboard NNS that help songs such as VBG back the NN be so so effective .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include	1
NNP 's al NNP reveals that a deadly nerve agent is about to be released , VBG a war between two nations already in conflict .	9	10	VBZ	is	are	1
he stepped down as the special teams coach for the new york jets in december 2007 after the final game .	6	7	VBP	coach	coaches	1
mickey is NNP parker 's son and he arrives in NNP street when his mother decides she needs some time alone .	14	15	VBZ	decides	decide	1
even if the patient is JJ , fluid NN may be the first line of treatment if the patient is JJ .	18	19	VBZ	is	are	1
the road runs mostly parallel and west to nathan road .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run	1
strong keep i agree with NNP this massacre is a notable event in the palestinian struggle .	7	8	VBZ	is	are	1
NNP NNP 's JJ innovations are difficult to place in the context of the period .	4	5	VBP	are	is	1
the JJ center , which is the JJ length about which the NN moment is independent of the lift NN and the angle of attack .	13	14	VBZ	is	are	1
the latter two categories cover all areas not covered by urban NNP ( population over CD ) or rural NNP ( population 13 million ) , and are governed by the department , whereas NNS have ( since 1999 ) elected councils and NNS .	34	35	VBP	have	has	1
the school offers degrees from the undergraduate through doctoral levels , in addition to executive education programs .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer	1
thomas jeffrey 's name appears on the CD map of NNP area as VBG a property in the vicinity of what is now NNP street .	3	4	VBZ	appears	appear	1
the population of montreal is now 3 , 500 .	1	4	VBZ	is	are	3
the staff is also very diverse having members from denver , virginia , new york , ohio , pennsylvania , boston , new jersey , maryland , quebec , japan , sweden , and spain .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the sample is 23 seconds of a much longer song and is of reduced quality .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
NNS explain and elaborate upon each of the principles .	0	1	VBP	explain	explains	1
i am trying to VB you to do anything , and several editors feel the same way as myself about the issues mentioned above and have said so here but you seem to be turning a deaf ear .	12	13	VBP	feel	feels	1
NNP did note the biggest problem was VBG , one of the other issues were `` the article appears to rely heavily on website sources .	17	18	VBZ	appears	appear	1
the symptoms are the NN , NN and NN of the NNS , mainly through use of the NNP , though any finger can be affected .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
his main area of research is JJ geometry .	2	5	VBZ	is	are	3
this does appear to be a major mall and the article needs to be expanded .	10	11	VBZ	needs	need	1
ministers are not usually appointed without portfolio as a coalition NN - all long run ministers end up with a portfolio .	15	16	VBP	end	ends	1
sony centres are not part of the sony group ; the name is used by a number of separate entities .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
adult education ministry offers a series of classes throughout the year to help guide their members to spiritual NN .	2	3	VBZ	offers	offer	1
if pieces land on end or are VBG , they are left that way .	1	2	VBP	land	lands	1
just as the transfer takes place , the NNP merchant VBZ up .	3	4	VBZ	takes	take	1
NNP 's photos also appear on NNP numbers by the silver jews , NNP NNP and the NNP street band by NNP NNP and NNP by NNP .	2	4	VBP	appear	appears	2
the film 's plot pays NN to the classic 50 's horror genre .	3	4	VBZ	pays	pay	1
students also have many opportunities to learn outside of the classroom .	0	2	VBP	have	has	2
JJ residents are those who have the right to hold a hong kong identity card but have no right of NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
the collection spans over 400 years of history ( JJ centuries ) .	1	2	VBZ	spans	span	1
but it is not logical that for that many years one nations governments commit these NNS all the time , but that people dont know NNS happening .	22	24	VBP	know	knows	2
in finance , a butterfly is a limited risk , JJ options strategy that is designed to have a large probability of earning a limited profit when the future NN of the underlying asset is expected to be lower than the implied NN .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
NNS exists , and would likely be a good JJ location for discussion when the bot begins to run .	15	16	VBZ	begins	begin	1
george NNP ( movie character ) this is worth maybe a JJ NN in the team america article , but this article itself is n't even really about the george NNP character in the movie , but about all of the celebrity characters in the movie .	21	23	VBZ	is	are	2
the evidence suggests that NNP NNP arrived in NNP in a series of NNS from NNP ( along with te NNP , and led by NNP NNP ) in 1822 , participating in a process of invasion and conquest and occupation of the NNS of wellington by 1824 .	1	2	VBZ	suggests	suggest	1
in the NN , the NNS use their `` honey NN '' to VB and VB the NN a number of times until it is partially VBN .	5	6	VBP	use	uses	1
basically all the possible content is already at king kong ( 2005 movie ) .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
each factory has two major lines of administration , one headed by the manager , the other by the party committee secretary .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
IN the tall NNP 's organs are not JJ whole , it has been used in the past as a NN in the north and in areas of scotland , due to its place in the NN family .	5	6	VBP	are	is	1
the mystery hunt employs a wide range of NNS including NNS , JJ NNS , logic NNS , NN NNS , NNS , NNS , NNS , NNS , paint by numbers , NN , and word searches .	2	3	VBZ	employs	employ	1
the senior population distribution is CD people or 11 .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
soon after , the JJ road continues into trail view state park , where the route becomes JJ , passing two local NNS .	15	16	VBZ	becomes	become	1
in winter the normal high temperatures range from to with NNS of to .	5	6	VBP	range	ranges	1
the announcer says that audience members should remain seated , so that the NNS , NNS and NNS can leave safely .	1	2	VBZ	says	say	1
the overall height is now .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
calls for service include tracking lost persons or persons suspected of VBG a crime .	0	3	VBP	include	includes	3
NNP 's members believe that civil rights are individual rights and government policies should not VB group rights over individual rights .	2	3	VBP	believe	believes	1
the most common interactions with cattle involve daily feeding , cleaning and VBG .	3	6	VBP	involve	involves	3
to their horror , an ice truck enters the station .	6	7	VBZ	enters	enter	1
now , the university comprises eighteen departments ( or colleges ) , providing JJ NNS for undergraduate students .	3	4	VBZ	comprises	comprise	1
the district is a richmond old and historic district , as well as being listed on the virginia landmarks register and the national register of historic places .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
also matching is NNP 's defense of contested edits to the NNP bryant article by pointing out that that similar information appears in the michael jordan article ; this also fits the pattern of NNP CD , an established sockpuppet of NNP .	20	21	VBZ	appears	appear	1
the NNP office VBZ NNS and petty crimes for NNP national park .	2	3	VBZ	hears	hear	1
his real name is NNP NNP ; he is the captain of the s .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
firstly , VBG alcohol is n't food grade .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
user pages sometimes become targets for vandalism , and may be protected upon request of the user associated with the page if this is a serious problem .	1	3	VBP	become	becomes	2
currently available classes are NNP , hunters , NNP , NNP , priests , NNP , NNPS , NNP , warriors , and death knights ; the monk class will be added in NNS of NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
the issue is contentious , and it will come back .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
putting NN on a line usually takes more time than putting it into a mechanical NN ( as JJ items have to be hung up and fixed one by one ) .	19	20	VBP	have	has	1
some overseas locations are not part of an NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
the NN network VBZ the state of NN of the cell cycle and plays an essential role in VBG JJ cell division .	2	3	VBZ	monitors	monitor	1
nationalist parties are the ruling parties in the two former yugoslav countries .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
the font consists of a NN in norman style with an JJ painted cover dated CD .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist	1
this too is ultimately unsuccessful , and JJR and JJR NNS lead to the end of the piece .	10	11	VBP	lead	leads	1
as the executive director of the NNP websites i can state that sam NNP 's research articles are not JJ , nor are they presented as open discussions for JJ research .	16	17	VBP	are	is	1
i consider the hundreds and hundreds of dedicated NNS that made up this community , not to mention the almost 10 year history the boards have , to match any requirement of message board notability .	24	25	VBP	have	has	1
these vessels are capable of ocean surveillance and monitoring and can maintain control of shipping lanes .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
the standard defines the `` a '' and `` b '' series of paper sizes , including NNP , the most commonly available size .	1	2	VBZ	defines	define	1
in prince edward island , a common dish is `` NNS with the works '' which is NNS with ground beef and NNS , topped with thick beef NN and fresh green NNS .	7	8	VBZ	is	are	1
although these machines appear to be large and NN , they were true NNS of their day .	2	3	VBP	appear	appears	1
the seating capacity is approximately 5 , 000 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the later loss of between NNS has resulted in RB JJ NNS in some modern dialects ( see below ) , but these are not RB maintained in any dialect ; the strong tendency is to eliminate the NN entirely .	33	34	VBZ	is	are	1
following friedrich NNP 's death in 1981 , NNP harmony 's career sees a decline and he returns to london with NNP and NNP where he is presumed to be killed in an `` JJ explosion '' at a london used record store .	11	12	VBZ	sees	see	1
a NNP counter has a tube of JJ gas ; each particle detected produces a pulse of current when it VBZ the gas , producing an audio click .	2	3	VBZ	has	have	1
each engine has a variable pitch NN which can operate in forward or reverse .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
those policies are at a critical stage and these documents may very well VB the stakes and make the NNS needed to get the policy right more JJ .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
maritime days are holidays typically established to recognize NNS in the maritime field .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
performance is critically dependent on the number of items in the array .	0	1	VBZ	is	are	1
well , you can argue over policies and guidelines all you like , but your managing to completely avoid the fact that this article fails nearly any guideline or policy you care to name .	23	24	VBZ	fails	fail	1
the story takes place between CD and CD .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take	1
NNP files contain java class source code that should be exposed as web service .	1	2	VBP	contain	contains	1
due to this , some readers believe that the white witch and green lady are the same person , especially due to a lack of back story given to the green lady .	5	6	VBP	believe	believes	1
everyday , lay people come to enjoy offering food and NNS to more than 1 , 200 monks and NNS who reside at this temple .	3	4	VBP	come	comes	1
the club also hosts JJ NN and NN NNS each season .	1	3	VBZ	hosts	host	2
this latest style 's purpose is to make the fan experience the present-day culture of the stadium 's surrounding city or area , and VBZ the basic notion of NN .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
the case in question appears to be united states v .	1	4	VBZ	appears	appear	3
birds do it RB ; fish do it .	0	1	VBP	do	does	1
the article is about an italian princess who married the second brazilian emperor , NNP pedro ii .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the college also maintains close relations with the nearby church of saint NNP of NNP .	1	3	VBZ	maintains	maintain	2
not all templates are difficult with highly JJ codes .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
it has the CD highest JJ rate of rape in the world meaning that italian women are 7 times JJR than american women .	15	16	VBP	are	is	1
author 's other contributions seem also to be dedicated to adding links to that site in other articles .	3	4	VBP	seem	seems	1
the route turns east and crosses into NNP , becoming 5th street .	1	2	VBZ	turns	turn	1
the monster attacks again at the end of the movie , this time VBG NNP hammond ( NNP angel ) , but curtis and the police chase him down .	1	2	VBZ	attacks	attack	1
if it is , the hand NN is fine ( my understanding is that no NNS at all can VB , except in a few derived cases , and the reason the hands point forward in NNS and such is due to the extreme NN of the NN ) .	32	33	VBP	point	points	1
NN has an interest in things being handled appropriately , but something on those lines ( VBG sanctions on you ok , VBG someone else getting off too light not ok ) seems appropriate .	0	1	VBZ	has	have	1
NNP 's notable achievements include winning the australian NNP six hour in 1981 with his team rider d .	3	4	VBP	include	includes	1
the image is significant in identifying the subjects of the articles , which is the first film and the film series .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the articles VBP the company and its members as soon as they sign the document .	1	2	VBP	bind	binds	1
some songs include lyrics pertaining to the biblical end times .	1	2	VBP	include	includes	1
the research areas include cloud computing , grid computing , NNP technologies , networking and NN NNS , network security and databases , NNP , multimedia , and video NNP .	2	3	VBP	include	includes	1
the similarity even goes as far as including the NN pattern on the hull , which the JJ designers used to measure the roll rate of a rocket during test flights .	1	3	VBZ	goes	go	2
its name is a play on the popular saying `` NNP in a hay stack '' .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the overall benefits derived from these performance improvements were ultimately enough to drive JJ investment in JJ technologies and NN methods for high performance NN devices , and JJ processes continue to be the state of the art for the NN industry today .	29	30	VBP	continue	continues	1
original NN CD episodes need to be updated to VB to the style guide .	3	4	VBP	need	needs	1
lines are the NNS , cables ( wire NNS ) and proof NN chains that enable a fly system to function .	0	1	VBP	are	is	1
the closing hours change throughout the year .	2	3	VBP	change	changes	1
keep the article offers more than a dictionary definition .	2	3	VBZ	offers	offer	1
will cut and paste to word i think but then the references get in the way .	11	12	VBP	get	gets	1
this category is for JJ drugs that can VB a state of NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
such a mission is a requirement for all the divisions of NNP university .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the NNP ace rifle is gas operated , JJ weapon .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
this topic seems to have been studied for almost 40 years , and many NNS of these studies have been done .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem	1
long thought to have been only a mild case , recent work suggests it was a serious illness .	11	12	VBZ	suggests	suggest	1
the dual education program operates on a JJ , JJ schedule .	3	4	VBZ	operates	operate	1
my internet connection is really slow today ( 35 NN even though it 's supposed to be VBN ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
due to its beauty , the site represents some of the most visited NNS in the nordic countries .	6	7	VBZ	represents	represent	1
other NNS leave the NN as a JJ molecule .	1	2	VBP	leave	leaves	1
the article is informative and interesting .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
i believe the question of whether a particular group deserves such as list is currently subjective ; athletes are notable too , but i am less clear that a list by year of death is needed for them .	8	9	VBZ	deserves	deserve	1
the school aims to offer the best independent education to children from the north east of england .	1	2	VBZ	aims	aim	1
the flooding surfaces VBG NNS are not of the same scale as the regional JJ surface that is associated with a sequence boundary .	2	5	VBP	are	is	3
some new electronic locks take advantage of technologies such as NN NN , JJ NN and NN NN , and NN identification to VB users .	3	4	VBP	take	takes	1
notable industrial buildings and structures include the NNP hardware complex , NNP building , NNP silk mill , and RB NN .	2	5	VBP	include	includes	3
only NN ruins are to be seen of it today .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
JJ and NNP language families ; however , such claims are not without controversy .	9	10	VBP	are	is	1
the story begins when , while at NNP creek camping ground in montana , VBG with his beautiful wife , rebecca hampton , and their VBG daughter , NNP hampton , gary was VBN one night and left JJ by what his wife thought was a bear .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin	1
folk religion consists of ethnic or regional religious customs under the umbrella of a religion , but outside of official doctrine and practices .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist	1
worship leaders jay NNP said `` this album feels and sounds like an honest southern rock record with NN lyrics and strong NN .	7	8	VBZ	feels	feel	1
the question material is primarily academic in nature .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
whether they are `` intelligent '' or not , i have no idea , but NNP , i believe the point NNP was trying to make is that the average NN is probably capable of conversation several NNS more intelligent than NNS to some talk radio shows .	30	31	VBZ	is	are	1
the NNP religion is a JJ NN of NNP islam , but NNP muslims view NNP as JJ for accepting the NN of NN , the sixth NNP NN of egypt .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
cook covers the vast cape york peninsula north of NNP , including the resort town of port douglas and the NNP strait islands .	0	1	VBZ	covers	cover	1
maria has been asked to VB on the `` hearts of peace in the middle east '' project , whose goal is to open people 's hearts and contribute to establishing peace in the middle east .	20	21	VBZ	is	are	1
the term comes from the nato reporting name NNP which was attached to the missile by western intelligence agencies .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come	1
support the article is to the point and informative .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
NNS include music , journalism , and drawing .	0	1	VBP	include	includes	1
contemporary prints stand as NNS for such a series .	1	2	VBP	stand	stands	1
the defining factor here seems to be JJ interaction , rather than mere lack of activity .	2	4	VBZ	seems	seem	2
the twins break a NN record with 5 double plays and the cardinals break an NNP record with 5 home runs .	1	2	VBP	break	breaks	1
in short , this board is too often VBN in attempts to JJ different disagreement and `` win '' them by an easy NN .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
according to its editor , NNP , the magazine 's editorial viewpoint reflects `` all components of left wing NN , and even NNS '' .	11	12	VBZ	reflects	reflect	1
pierre NNP 's main NN is NN , which he practiced at high level .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
landing safely on the moon , the NNS get out of the NN and watch the earth rise in the distance .	7	8	VBP	get	gets	1
his best performances include a sea games gold medal in 2007 for the NNP event in thailand .	2	3	VBP	include	includes	1
the museum hosts a collection of historical scientific instruments from all disciplines , but mainly from medicine , physics , and astronomy .	1	2	VBZ	hosts	host	1
keep despite how bad the group is , they do warrant an article .	5	6	VBZ	is	are	1
this temperature is JJ as core temperature in the center of a NN body .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
typically , in mechanics , the VBN exact solution consists of NNS that vary as linear functions in space ( called a constant strain solution ) .	8	9	VBZ	consists	consist	1
a guard NN bed is a fixed bed of NNS of the same JJ material , see fixed bed reactor .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
the tree is native to the arabian peninsula ( NNP , yemen ) and to africa ( NNP , ethiopia , somalia , northeast kenya ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the novel is the 22nd in the inspector NNP series .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
to provide this , most service providers utilize JJ NN distribution networks based on the NN hierarchy , and implement the bits concept to meet JJ NN needs .	6	7	VBP	utilize	utilizes	1
the checkuser request is on file and comments are in the history of his talk page .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the fishing industry is the major employer , VBG the majority of the work force .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
long drive NNS differ from standard NNS .	2	3	VBP	differ	differs	1
the process by which banks create money is so simple the mind is VBN .	4	5	VBP	create	creates	1
most scholars today agree that the french author wrote from a perspective of christian NN .	1	3	VBP	agree	agrees	2
lou NNP ( nick apollo NNP ) , whose career is on the NN .	9	10	VBZ	is	are	1
the state highway also serves to connect rising sun ( via md CD ) and interstate 95 ( NNP ) .	2	4	VBZ	serves	serve	2
NNP continues to ensure women are able to transform their places of exploitation into a safe spaces for education , job training , loan access and legal protection .	4	5	VBP	are	is	1
the NN is where collective behaviour patterns are established , and where institutions operate .	12	13	VBP	operate	operates	1
another possible NNP reference is in the short story `` lets go to prague '' where one character uses the NN NNP .	17	18	VBZ	uses	use	1
NNP theatre is a professional theatre company , based in halifax , nova scotia whose primary function is to develop and produce new plays .	16	17	VBZ	is	are	1
spa tags are fine , if they actually apply .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
the stream is a tourist attraction and has attracted many tourists from different countries who visited the place to VB nature and also to take photography .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
mechanical techniques are particularly JJ for a few NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
this NN is to last one year from the date of application and can be JJ and VBN by community consensus during that time .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
a JJ display is often called a NN , but the latter term often refers to another chart type .	12	14	VBZ	refers	refer	2
the NNP real-time operating system provides a board support package for NNP which can be run VBG the NNP NNP NN .	4	5	VBZ	provides	provide	1
these matters are difficult to spot right off , but over time the personality of a wikipedia editor will fall into a JJ pattern which can be recognized if they attract enough attention .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
a special training base exists somewhere in israel 's NNP desert .	3	4	VBZ	exists	exist	1
the NNS are typically JJ , with a lower and upper level , and one or two JJ stations ( typically near the back of the NN ) .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
NNS answer this challenge by arguing that democratic peace NNS tend to pick and choose the definition of democracy to get the wanted JJ result [ bias ] .	9	10	VBP	tend	tends	1
across the galaxy , the NNS turn on the NNP and murder them .	5	6	VBP	turn	turns	1
in other cases it has been shown that individuals can be assisted to live a JJ lifestyle , but that their sexual orientation remains JJ .	22	23	VBZ	remains	remain	1
this album is an JJ mix of JJ hits of all genres both new and old , VBN together and presented in a manner that can best be described as a digital NN of pop music culture .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
national NN article seems to be very biased , totally JJ and rather offensive to a lot of people .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem	1
this book is referred to in 2 chronicles and may be the same as the other two chronicles named in kings .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
it is an actual radio station , however the article needs more references ( as already mentioned above ) .	9	10	VBZ	needs	need	1
mill believed that there can be different levels of pleasure - higher quality pleasure is better than lower quality pleasure .	13	14	VBZ	is	are	1
you can constantly VB me of personal attacks until the NNS come home , but that will not make them VB out of nothing .	10	11	VBP	come	comes	1
the human brain has neither a JJ set of states nor a simple transition matrix .	2	3	VBZ	has	have	1
sandy ] is not really herself when the audience first meets her .	8	10	VBZ	meets	meet	2
the school fitness program incorporates intense brain activity through movements requiring balance and coordination to improve concentration and attention while performing challenging exercises .	3	4	VBZ	incorporates	incorporate	1
on the other hand , this website is the NNP in dvd industry .	6	7	VBZ	is	are	1
the JJ reaction is a feature seen in very early pregnancy that appears in the JJ area where the NN contacts the JJ NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
clinical symptoms typically appear within 30 minutes , but may take up to two hours , depending on other foods and activities .	1	3	VBP	appear	appears	2
these NNS include vertical strips , thirteen in total , seven red and six white , as well as a total of only 21 stars .	1	2	VBP	include	includes	1
the resulting NNP score is a numerical measure of user NN with the performance of enterprise applications .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
the mascot is the NN and colors are navy blue and columbia blue .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
lung cancer takes quite a long time to develop , especially from a source like JJ smoke .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take	1
his son ivan is a senior writer for espn he has also written for sports illustrated in past .	1	3	VBZ	is	are	2
younger scientists have no academic freedom because they have to work on what their NNS tell them to do .	1	2	VBP	have	has	1
this chart includes all NNS of JJ research ( no one is excluded ) .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include	1
NNP city is just about CD kilometers and can be approached by NNP NNP section which lies in another village in the vicinity .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
both areas differ in terms of population , as in economic terms and geography .	1	2	VBP	differ	differs	1
other examples include scripts that VBP articles , classified ads , videos and business listings to name a few .	1	2	VBP	include	includes	1
vista introduced the design decision that VBG copy protection is more important than allowing the user to achieve things .	8	9	VBZ	is	are	1
NNP school teacher creating an article based on a primary study , which makes NNP schools look JJ .	15	16	VBP	look	looks	1
fortress synagogue is a synagogue built to VB attack while protecting the lives of people VBG within them .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
ip editors contribute a huge amount of useful content and NN , and VBG them out would harm the project more than help .	1	2	VBP	contribute	contributes	1
in support of this theory , NNS are longer and heavier for males than females of the same age , and the former do not employ other forms of combat .	6	7	VBP	are	is	1
i 've seen a few people say that it 's just `` JJ april NNP ' NN '' , but it has gotten a bit out of hand this year ( the worst part being the blocking of NNP ) .	5	6	VBP	say	says	1
i worry when a member of arbcom makes comments like this , even in a NN manner .	4	7	VBZ	makes	make	3
the ecological chain architecture is the original intention of ma NNP - in a healthy economy , VBG enterprise stable growth can solve the JJ economic operation pressure , and promote the formation of personal consumption society .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
this user needs to gain some more experience in admin related NNS in try in JJ months .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need	1
other articles exist '' is an argument to be avoided , though most winners have gone on to become notable beyond NNP .	1	2	VBP	exist	exists	1
pdf readers do when they notice the NNP are broken .	1	2	VBP	do	does	1
this system encourages NNS to write effective ads and to VB only on searches which are relevant to their advertisement .	1	2	VBZ	encourages	encourage	1
the JJ display team is the NNP NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
the station features the NNP morning show , hosted by dave NNP , JJ NNS and NNP reed NN NNS .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature	1
NNP codes are JJ numerical representations of major businesses and industries .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
NNP is available but i worry that someone NNS from my ip and i get VBN for child NN because a jury ca n't understand what an NN NN is .	28	29	VBZ	is	are	1
there is no `` tornado season '' though , as NNS , including violent NNS and major NNS , can and do occur anywhere at any time of year if favorable conditions develop .	31	32	VBP	develop	develops	1
the problem with this is that these words appear in a relatively narrow table column and i could find no way of preventing the source url being included in printed output , which VBZ that column to about half a page width .	1	4	VBZ	is	are	3
grape production is another major industry in the central NNP wine region .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
NNP 's JJ requirements cover a NN of academic topics .	3	4	VBP	cover	covers	1
the palace is a blend of architectural styles ; its ancient origins are indicated by a lack of NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the story VBZ around their investigation of NNP ' murder and search for the ix NNP and the lost cities of NNP NNP and NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	revolves	revolve	1
NNP technology is a technology of forming hybrid cell lines ( called NN ) by VBG a specific NN b cell with a NN ( b cell cancer ) cell that is selected for its ability to grow in tissue culture and for an absence of NN chain synthesis .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
a significant contribution that truly VBZ the encyclopedia .	2	5	VBZ	improves	improve	3
the young authors work with a NN to polish their scripts , attend NNS , and offer input to actors and a director during their plays ' development and production .	2	3	VBP	work	works	1
the population is largely hindu with a significant muslim ( both NNP and NNP ) minority .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
likewise , the JJ languages are not directly descended from the literary and religious language that we know as sanskrit .	4	5	VBP	are	is	1
once a judgment has been entered by the court ( or a decree has been issued , if the case is in equity ) , the court retains jurisdiction over the case for 21 days .	19	20	VBZ	is	are	1
the top stage contains JJ VBN bell NNS with JJ heads and NNS on each side .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain	1
the breast star is an JJ silver star to which is VBN the badge of order without the crown - in gold .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the source of commentary is not relevant , the content is .	1	4	VBZ	is	are	3
media mentions seem to be restricted to NN .	1	2	VBP	seem	seems	1
its defeat at NNP could be made JJR though , and the article is rather JJ of the un .	12	13	VBZ	is	are	1
the map needs to be updated .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need	1
the children never experience an unhappy day again .	1	3	VBP	experience	experiences	2
before he leaves , his aunt VBZ that he will ride the biggest wheel in the world .	5	6	VBZ	predicts	predict	1
an example is furniture , which serves no purpose other than added points at the end of the game and adds weight to the wagon .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
note that at this time NNP 's talk page is still empty .	8	9	VBZ	is	are	1
NNS have varied between episodes , but the course contains several NNS that must be VBN in order to reach the finishing platform .	8	9	VBZ	contains	contain	1
the thing is , i find it hard to understand how , if NNP is guilty , or if the other accounts are guilty , why my account would be in trouble for arguing a similar point with another editor .	21	22	VBP	are	is	1
if approved , the new foster parent receives training from NNP NNP volunteers on how to care for their NNS .	6	7	VBZ	receives	receive	1
the amount which is not JJ by the contributor is an `` JJ contribution '' to the NN fund , provided the contributor gives the fund notice that the contributor will not be VBG the amount .	22	23	VBZ	gives	give	1
area 11 is a NN rock band from bristol , england .	0	2	VBZ	is	are	2
a unique signature of NNS is the VBG NN in her voice coupled with a tender NN in the tone .	2	5	VBZ	is	are	3
the local fresh food market is an excellent place to sample the variety of unique food that NNP NNP has to offer .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
NNP motorway ( ) is a highway in the czech republic .	1	4	VBZ	is	are	3
his edits are highly disruptive to the process of improving the english wikipedia .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
the consequence of this theory is that all properties are essential ( and no property is an accident ) .	14	15	VBZ	is	are	1
victor gets his JJ NN and VBD the house of NNP .	0	1	VBZ	gets	get	1
if the blog is under a free license such as public domain , NNP or NNP , it can be used on wikipedia without a fair use claim .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
there is some slight NN along the inner wall , but overall the rim is still relatively fresh with little appearance of significant wear .	13	14	VBZ	is	are	1
the champions enter the second qualifying round of the champions league , while the NNP cup winners and two further teams , based on league performance , enter the first qualifying round of the NNP league .	1	2	VBP	enter	enters	1
the JJ instances VBP emphasis of NN , focusing on the differences in the students ' answers , then finally identifying the correct one .	2	3	VBP	denote	denotes	1
page seems to be written for advertising purposes .	0	1	VBZ	seems	seem	1
NNP civil parish has an area of and in the 2001 census had a population of CD in 74 households .	2	3	VBZ	has	have	1
wikipedia is not a democracy , its based on consensus discussion on content not JJ politics because none person wants to exact revenge on another so votes RB .	18	19	VBZ	wants	want	1
the novel has two NNS in alternate chapters .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
the town is just from RB , from NNP , from NNP , from NNP , from NNP ( NNP ) , from budapest and just from the border of romania .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
i think the boundary is usually three or maybe maybe maybe four words .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
new additional content is also available , such as about 20 new neutral creatures , 10 new buildings and three new JJ sets .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
marriage , retirement and VB 20 october CD , NNP NNP married mary NNP of great NNP hall , near NNP , yorkshire , daughter of admiral sir thomas NNP , NNP , whose family name goes back to the time of william the NNP .	35	36	VBZ	goes	go	1
the cairo NNP square demonstrations are a good example .	4	5	VBP	are	is	1
the town has two primary schools , NNP public school and NNP catholic school , an 18 hole golf course , three NNS , and a hospital which was the first in regional australia to operate with solar power .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
the men tell the women to sit and talk with them for a while .	1	2	VBP	tell	tells	1
their NNS are almost identical , with pine NNS and marble NNS ; the southeast one having a JJ NN nearby .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
the painting is notable enough and has it 's own article .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
each sort of topic has to be judged by the sources which are likely to be applicable .	1	4	VBZ	has	have	3
the town connects with the neighboring cities of NNP city , NNP and NNP , NNP via the NNP highway .	1	2	VBZ	connects	connect	1
sources are largely not independent ( i .	0	1	VBP	are	is	1
with 25 NNS and the suit is NNS , 1 point may be added .	5	6	VBZ	is	are	1
the h text text bears the variant title NNP NNP i NNP ( NNP of NNP at NNP ) , NN .	3	4	VBZ	bears	bear	1
support it is a very nice illustration .	0	2	VBZ	is	are	2
mission NNS pop up on the globe , indicating locations where a team can be dispatched to do battle .	1	2	VBP	pop	pops	1
according to the united states census bureau the island has a land area of 85 .	8	9	VBZ	has	have	1
the only economic activity of importance is agriculture .	3	6	VBZ	is	are	3
i believe that , thanks to that , this article is ready for fa .	9	10	VBZ	is	are	1
particularly strong cold NNS make an approach from the NNP caves side quite JJ and the NNP road is preferred .	3	4	VBP	make	makes	1
state matters include not only currently VBN issues but also those reserved matters which the party considers should be VBN to the scottish parliament , including broadcasting , energy , drugs and abortion .	1	2	VBP	include	includes	1
JJS classification is instrumental when VBG patients with upper JJ NN into high and low risk categories for NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
another tourist attraction is the old wooden church in NNP which is more than 300 years old .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
a circle that is VBN about its center point VBZ a sphere , and if the circle is VBN about a NN axis , not crossing the circle , then it VBZ a NN .	8	9	VBZ	generates	generate	1
the minimum landing size is the smallest length at which it is legal to keep or sell a fish .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
the building has 3 bells in the west tower .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
i meant to suggest that the human sex drive is JJ .	8	9	VBZ	is	are	1
this category is for human settlements within india 's modern boundaries that have been abandoned through human or natural causes .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
a word is a binary number with more than one NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
all 3 editors are definitely JJ about this topic area , however you look at it .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
this neighbourhood also includes the areas known as NNP , VBG on NNP NNP and NNP ave .	1	3	VBZ	includes	include	2
the team defeats NNP and is VBN with a media NN while rush looks on from NN with a JJ look .	1	2	VBZ	defeats	defeat	1
in addition to the NNP casino , the local NNP tribe also runs a NN , the big green numbers game .	10	12	VBZ	runs	run	2
similarly , the NNP agency is solely responsible for the NNP bridge ( a 60 ) .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
if the band above meets notability guidelines , it might be appropriate to mention this within that article , though it would probably not be appropriate to mention it in the article of the letter itself .	2	4	VBZ	meets	meet	2
the data cache has a capacity of 64 NNP and is JJ JJ with a JJ cache line .	2	3	VBZ	has	have	1
according to the 2001 census , about 12 , 000 people live within a 2 .	10	11	VBP	live	lives	1
NNP media says the song is `` RB huge '' and one of the album 's `` finest '' tracks , alongside `` NNP '' .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
i think merging the short one into the long one , making the short one a redirect is most usual , if the long one has the better name .	24	25	VBZ	has	have	1
basically the answer is , organisms MD able to pass on altered traits to their offspring .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
newspapers write plenty of NN pieces that do not describe encyclopedic subjects ; thus my JJ comment .	0	1	VBP	write	writes	1
this category contains all articles and NNS relating to NNP fc .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain	1
all current produced vehicles have euro 3 , euro 4 or euro 5 engines type .	3	4	VBP	have	has	1
the team plays its home games at the NNP center .	1	2	VBZ	plays	play	1
as the [ [ NNP ] ] relates , almost all historians believe that the NNS in the hands went through the NNS .	11	12	VBP	believe	believes	1
the JJ feature is an expansion of NNP 's body .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
these devices require a variety of different materials and NN techniques making it difficult to realize all of them on a single chip .	1	2	VBP	require	requires	1
a way round this is to apply yorkshire and the division to the request and they will show up but remain JJ .	2	4	VBZ	is	are	2
NNP snakes are effective at VBG JJ creatures like fish and NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
opened in 1984 , the system now has 4 operating lines and 67 stations spanning over a total of CD .	5	7	VBZ	has	have	2
the hospital includes a range of specialist services such as the national NNP unit .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include	1
the NN problem is to take two or more NNS and find a figure that can be VBN with each .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
a JJ weekend '' ) soon after they arrive , NNP announces that a storm has made the estate JJ , the power is in danger , lord NNP is dead , and that dinner is served .	22	23	VBZ	is	are	1
the talk page is the most appropriate place for it .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the word has the same linguistic roots as `` welsh '' , but the NNP dialect is not at all similar to the welsh language .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
for reasons above , plus the article is really quite good now .	6	7	VBZ	is	are	1
this has been called into question recently , as recent research has found that JJ transmission is possible .	15	16	VBZ	is	are	1
the german monarchy has since time NN RB been JJ rather than hereditary .	2	3	VBZ	has	have	1
complete NN removal is probably not possible due to other , minor JJ formation NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
once the affair begins , she is torn by guilt and eventually breaks off the affair .	2	3	VBZ	begins	begin	1
the selection structure contains two execution sequences , each preceded by a double NN .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain	1
the academy states that both parents and physicians have an ethical duty to secure the child 's best interest and NN .	5	8	VBP	have	has	3
he is not really a former communist agent as the name implies ( he is scottish ) .	10	11	VBZ	implies	imply	1
the title contains the word list for NN sake .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain	1
the camera falls off the dog 's neck and shows him VBG , covered in blood , and severely injured .	1	2	VBZ	falls	fall	1
the film is about an atomic bomb test in the arctic circle that VBZ a NN NN , the fictional NNP , which begins to VB NN in new york city .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
i think the op has some confusion , and that your comments make more sense .	11	12	VBP	make	makes	1
the edition includes a NN by NNP NNP , notes by NNP about the revision and planned continuation of the sequence , and correspondence between NNP herself , her husband michel NNP , her publisher NNP michel and others in the period before and after her NN .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include	1
the climate is extremely dry during that period .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
NNP lead works as a NN against NNS forming between the hot NN NNS and their seats .	1	2	VBZ	works	work	1
this day is a day to thank relatives and friends for their support in the harvest .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the resulting rule produces the same result as the old one , but RB VB all NNS that made the old rule JJ .	2	3	VBZ	produces	produce	1
the collaboration of each participant is based on a principle of NN ; each member contributes valuable information for another user to use , add to , or change .	14	15	VBZ	contributes	contribute	1
critically endangered species are those that are facing an extremely high risk of extinction in the wild .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
obviously the end result is that the anonymous reports were verified by other sources , but the initial accusation of a crime would most certainly not have passed blp issues .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
if an NN light is orange or JJ , press the button to print whatever is still in the memory .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
VBG in 1997 , the show takes a behind the scenes look and interviews various television series and NNS cast and film crew of shows on space .	5	6	VBZ	takes	take	1
the male has a black crown and NN separated by a white NN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
those teammates include , matt read , wayne NNP , and claude NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes	1
specific products include NNP JJ insurance ; member NNS on JJ cars , NNS , vacation packages and VBG ; special offers on technology and gifts ; NN services ; legal services ; and long-term care insurance .	1	2	VBP	include	includes	1
the persian noun for scouts is NNP NNP , and senior scouts are known as NNP .	2	5	VBZ	is	are	3
NNS are weird and VB in JJ ways ( force acting at a distance is weird enough , but NN sort of brings that to the next level beyond gravity and NNS ) .	0	1	VBP	are	is	1
the article starts off well , but starts VBG through the plot summary until the end .	1	2	VBZ	starts	start	1
yet many argue that NN memories are simply the product of multiple , unique factors VBG .	5	6	VBP	are	is	1
the tampa bay devil rays and texas rangers uniforms worn in the movie are incorrect for the era in which the film takes place .	21	22	VBZ	takes	take	1
the code source version is JJ .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
some NNS use NNP - sun centered - charts .	1	2	VBP	use	uses	1
part of it seems to be presenting the photos in a visual area other than the JJ area of distinct vision , so we never see them clearly .	0	3	VBZ	seems	seem	3
their NNS consist of the letter l and a JJ number .	1	2	VBP	consist	consists	1
cliff NN is the general archaeological term for NNS formed by using NNS or caves in high cliffs , with more or less NN or with additions in the way of NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the article is a good start , but i think the article would have to be larger to make it as a fa .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
this measure has also been called RB , as it represents the `` surprise '' of seeing the outcome ( a highly JJ outcome is very surprising ) .	23	24	VBZ	is	are	1
the blast causes severe damage throughout denver and releases an electromagnetic pulse .	1	2	VBZ	causes	cause	1
the general guidelines do apply , but the specific techniques do not .	9	10	VBP	do	does	1
typically each participant speaks on behalf of a famous person , profession , fictional character , etc .	2	3	VBZ	speaks	speak	1
yeah , the behavior seems to match up .	3	4	VBZ	seems	seem	1
the world NNP influenced many wildlife television shows , most notably mutual of omaha 's wild kingdom series .	6	7	VBZ	shows	show	1
the main line extends in a JJ direction from NNP to NNP .	2	3	VBZ	extends	extend	1
the aim is to expand this list and VB the participation of these people .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
most training maps involve only one or two methods , but some more complicated run and level maps can require any number .	2	3	VBP	involve	involves	1
public transport starts its service in NNP in 1927 .	1	2	VBZ	starts	start	1
even if the second camp is only the royal NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
the NNP equations start with the VBG assumption that the universe is RB JJ and NN , i .	2	3	VBP	start	starts	1
the NN has a dining hall , reading room , tv room and recreational centre for indoor games .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
reports are accessible to view on multiple devices .	0	1	VBP	are	is	1
JJ pov , and i VBP with the nom that the sources are not reliable .	11	12	VBP	are	is	1
the NNP standard features an improved NNP suite , NNS , NNS , pilot interface , and a NNP NN .	2	3	VBZ	features	feature	1
interesting features include a fine NNP , a church and a castle .	1	2	VBP	include	includes	1
i am still not completely certain what the problem is for now - the ip 72 .	8	9	VBZ	is	are	1
the scoring system is fair if both players have a JJ chance of winning the match NN of the value of p .	7	8	VBP	have	has	1
the festival includes contemporary work in art forms spanning NN , comedy , circus and physical theatre , dance , film , theatre , NN , music , visual art and design .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include	1
the pilgrimage covers approximately CD km .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover	1
this might be because the infobox means it ca n't be shown on the right in the section where it is included , and if so i do n't know what would be better .	5	6	VBZ	means	mean	1
i fear that my concerns here are of the latter variety .	4	6	VBP	are	is	2
individual specialty training is 6 months long where individual operators attend a number of formal or informal schools and courses .	9	10	VBP	attend	attends	1
the first NNP sequence shows a small army of warriors practicing martial arts in a chinese JJ NN under the JJ eye of NNP NNP .	3	4	VBZ	shows	show	1
south yorkshire this church contains norman NNS , although the style of the church generally was becoming NNP .	3	4	VBZ	contains	contain	1
the church is long by feet wide .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
free fall is a studio album by the jazz fusion band NNP NNP , released in 1977 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
NN relates to the manner in which a NN varies over time .	8	9	VBZ	varies	vary	1
i feel that this statement is as objective as any other numerical statement , and that it is fundamental enough to exist in the article without interpretation .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
these estates are the origin of the present NN as far north as NNP in the NNP NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
although NNP has said NN to NNP , the dog joins him the following morning .	9	10	VBZ	joins	join	1
JJ rotation is an important tool in astronomy for the measurement of magnetic fields , which can be estimated from rotation measures given a knowledge of the electron number density .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the school is primarily committed to serving the educational needs of the catholic population of the southwest section of miami .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
that policy says wikipedians are not permitted to post or edit material at the direction of a banned user , an activity sometimes called `` NN , '' unless they are able to confirm that the changes are verifiable and have independent reasons for making them .	1	2	VBZ	says	say	1
these conferences are to be held four times a year in urban and twice a year in rural districts .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
the picture is there because he was the main NN of the war , which is RB true and factual .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
our lady of grace is a title of the blessed virgin mary .	1	4	VBZ	is	are	3
NNP , don NNP , and gloria NNP were opposed to the measure , claiming that the `` spending plan VBZ the NNP '' and VBZ other parts of the county such as san fernando valley their `` fair share of sales tax NNS '' .	19	20	VBZ	favors	favor	1
the patient 's performance is even more severely VBN when vision of either the hand or the target is prevented .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
in the freestyle NN discipline , a 32 panel bag is the generally accepted standard ( the number of panels on commercially available NNS can range from 2 to 120 panels ) .	9	10	VBZ	is	are	1
the delay usually VBZ just before this NN , at an JJ velocity , where a small explosion shoots the NN 's stars in desired directions and thus producing a brilliant effect .	17	18	VBZ	shoots	shoot	1
that gives the competition a level of significance that goes beyond local , national or regional tournaments where the teams represent individual institutions rather than their country .	19	20	VBP	represent	represents	1
the article also reviews some of the recent NNS on the english wikipedia , although it VBZ john NNP as a former NN to john f .	1	3	VBZ	reviews	review	2
the motion 's name comes from the case NNP v .	3	4	VBZ	comes	come	1
at these clubs , JJ members typically need to be sponsored by existing members and are expected to become VBN with others in the club before the board votes on their membership application .	27	28	VBZ	votes	vote	1
this system is quite effective , but do not use it unless you understand it fully .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the war ultimately claims NNP 's life , and NNP JJ leadership following the assassination .	1	3	VBZ	claims	claim	2
one example is when NNP NNP , a NNS instructor and p .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
however , i believe that afd should be the forum to decide whether the claim has any merit .	14	15	VBZ	has	have	1
NNP 's actions reflect great credit upon himself , his unit , and the u .	2	3	VBP	reflect	reflects	1
primary industries are tourism , fishing and construction .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
critics VBP that the practices , rarely VBN and largely unknown , limit study abroad options and drive up the price that is ultimately passed onto students .	0	1	VBP	contend	contends	1
perhaps it is n't so extraordinary that this JJ ballad sounds RB like a morrison original as the two men have a lot in common .	9	10	VBZ	sounds	sound	1
the game combines the adventure and JJ video game styles of play and the NN , comedy and NN genres .	1	2	VBZ	combines	combine	1
the village has a local reputation for fishing trout and a mountain spring known as NNP .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
this arrangement resembles early JJ JJ NNS at NNP in which the entrance was on the east side .	1	2	VBZ	resembles	resemble	1
as the castle is only one tower , it is called the queen 's tower .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
he is known for using highly JJ and JJ building methods but his decisions are usually right .	13	14	VBP	are	is	1
my concerns are related to that the article still reads like a travel guide , providing information which is not encyclopedic , in particular the excessive amount of information on the NNS and the codes for NNS , both which are provided in a table .	7	9	VBZ	reads	read	2
this one is JJ , and is possibly eligible for speedy deletion because the artist does not have his own article .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
in 2009 , NNP founded houston young professionals NNP - a NN whose mission is to provide young professionals in the houston region professional and personal development opportunities .	13	14	VBZ	is	are	1
the main NNP ground advantage seems to be an JJ ability to VB all their forces right in front of NNS at the start of a battle .	4	5	VBZ	seems	seem	1
NNP buddhism has taught that its teaching would be popular when `` iron birds are upon the sky '' before its decline .	13	14	VBP	are	is	1
one example is the infobox image on the article entitled mickey mouse .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
if a subject is notable , it gets an article , coi or not .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
again , the JJ reader might reflect how NNP 's NNS relate to wikipedia policies .	10	11	VBP	relate	relates	1
the sword comes in a variety of sizes and it can be either straight or slightly curved .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come	1
in the finger NNS , NN NNS are somewhat RB VBN on the JJ NNS .	6	7	VBP	are	is	1
NN features are JJ to define using a NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
the school has a curriculum based on standard course of study , small classrooms , technology , and american indian studies .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
i think the emphasis on awards is misleading ; the real question is can we produce an article on the subject from good reliable sources independent of the subject , and the answer here is no .	32	34	VBZ	is	are	2
NNP NN ( VBG of legs ) is observed in many patients , the cause of which remains obscure as it is not related to any JJ , JJ or JJ NNS .	14	17	VBZ	remains	remain	3
if that NN later VBZ the paper ballot records she could compare the two and compromise the privacy of the ballot .	2	4	VBZ	obtains	obtain	2
because more powerful NNS attract RB more interest from JJ NNS , many are driven insane , VBN by chaos , or even become possessed ( examples include the NNP twins , who were responsible for VBG scores of imperial regiments ) .	26	27	VBP	include	includes	1
although the majority of classes can cast spells of one kind or another , the NN classes are the NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP , and wizard .	16	17	VBP	are	is	1
the site covers 20 NN , and in this includes many different habitats such as woodland , streams , NN and pools .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover	1
NNS attack an JJ army patrol in NNP and two NNS were killed along with two civilians in the 15 minute NN , including one university student .	0	1	VBP	attack	attacks	1
the big dog then reaches his hand into the log , but the NN makes a NN , VBG the big dog 's hand into his head .	2	4	VBZ	reaches	reach	2
every controversial article on wikipedia is potentially a VBG ground for anonymous editors to put NN in , and we have numerous articles about subjects which lack precise or JJ definitions as you well know .	2	5	VBZ	is	are	3
the gibraltar passport is a british passport issued to NNPS and other british residents in gibraltar .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
it marks a radical departure from previous NNP works in that all songs are entirely acoustic , arranged in the manner of traditional ukrainian folk .	12	13	VBP	are	is	1
NNP NNP 's NN appears on a NN stamp designed by NNP NNP , a founding member of NNP NNP .	3	4	VBZ	appears	appear	1
an JJ area is a united states territory , that is neither a part of one of the fifty u .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the game is a `` fight the alien NNS '' type that appears to VB itself to get harder as the player gets better .	21	22	VBZ	gets	get	1
one example of this is the NNP inquiry in new zealand , in which research by two feminist journalists revealed that women with JJ NNS were not receiving treatment , as part of an experiment .	1	4	VBZ	is	are	3
the state 's highest point is NNP alto , at above sea level , in the NNP dos NNP .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
this division provides cargo services through road , rail and air with some value added services .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide	1
drummer bill ward was also suffering from NN drinking , and the song reflects the problems caused by their `` extreme '' NNS .	12	13	VBZ	reflects	reflect	1
therefore the organization encourages civil society initiatives .	2	3	VBZ	encourages	encourage	1
that link has a bit more info on that .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
the NN current NN plant feeds the 110 NNS balanced line NN power network through appropriate NNS .	4	5	VBZ	feeds	feed	1
for lack of a better idea , the form i offer is that of a butterfly , representing the NN 's NN into a skilled NN .	8	11	VBZ	is	are	3
JJ notes that the author of matthew VBZ the more accurate terminology `` land of NNP '' as he was looking for a term that would VB both NNP and NNP , where the family would end up .	4	7	VBZ	rejects	reject	3
natural blues '' are both examples ) and is also the name of NNP 's own label , on which the album was released .	1	3	VBP	are	is	2
article does nothing else to assert notability .	0	1	VBZ	does	do	1
this new NN approach has only just been invented and tested ; widespread usage is a different issue .	3	4	VBZ	has	have	1
the rest is JJ and belong here .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
however , regardless of this study , specialists still recommend that female NNS are used only once and then VBD .	7	9	VBP	recommend	recommends	2
since only the best NN in the hand is used to evaluate ties , the red eight JJ NN is used , and the hand is a copy .	24	25	VBZ	is	are	1
route 19 is a long state highway in missouri .	0	2	VBZ	is	are	2
thus NN 's meaning is to fit , join or combine energy .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
to be honest , most people know it as the NNP forest drama festival , or as the NNP forest festival , so i would also recommend creating JJ pages for these two as well .	5	6	VBP	know	knows	1
like i said , i have little doubt that the game exists , but it does not meet the guidelines for inclusion in this encyclopedia .	10	11	VBZ	exists	exist	1
more reliable accounts indicate that although NNP did respond with the `` monkey '' NN , the remainder of his speech was JJ .	2	3	VBP	indicate	indicates	1
strong oppose ( responding under the assumption that this is a good faith NN ) editor lacks the experience needed for adminship .	15	16	VBZ	lacks	lack	1
meanwhile , in NNP , trouble comes for NNP 's father , lord NNP .	5	6	VBZ	comes	come	1
the railroad operates over the historic NNP branch which was once part of the maine central railroad .	1	2	VBZ	operates	operate	1
the neighboring homes and landscape look identical to their appearance in the film , including the JJ oak tree ' across the street from the NNP home .	2	5	VBP	look	looks	3
keep - road appears to be of a decent length and does have quite a bit of information .	2	3	VBZ	appears	appear	1
delete implies all rape is JJ .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
national rail train stations are accessible from NNP and bury st NNP .	3	4	VBP	are	is	1
peter NNP of rolling stone writes that the film is `` funny , VBG , and vital '' VBG the NNP brothers by saying that `` their films hit you where you live .	8	9	VBZ	is	are	1
the official flag of tampa is a flag which VBZ the NNS , growth , and characteristics of tampa .	2	5	VBZ	is	are	3
his treatment of obama on his `` count down '' show is near VBG and kid NNS .	10	11	VBZ	is	are	1
other criteria seem not relevant to apply .	1	2	VBP	seem	seems	1
since , in the modern world , few people actually own NNS and keep them at home , the term is JJ .	8	10	VBP	own	owns	2
since the sections seem to have some parallel text , that might illustrate the differences RB if you wanted to ask specific questions about how to VB the sections .	2	3	VBP	seem	seems	1
the number of NNS was balanced , but the deletion arguments appear to be much more carefully based on policy .	10	11	VBP	appear	appears	1
if this term is inappropriate than the term children is also inappropriate .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
this word comes from JJ language NN , itself formed by NN , pronounced [ NN ] , which means the young shoots of trees that grow here .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come	1
and nationality is a different matter all together .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the society offers education , in nearly every stream of learning .	1	2	VBZ	offers	offer	1
note that those figures for NNP are the average high temperatures in the summer ; the average temperature NN is well below NN .	3	6	VBP	are	is	3
ten people observe a car crash , and all will report different details of what actually happened .	1	2	VBP	observe	observes	1
the team frequently VBZ overseas lawyers on matters of NNP law .	1	3	VBZ	advises	advise	2
due to the VBG nature of the catalog number , this incorrect entry is likely to cause confusion by VBG anyone looking for the object associated with the number or who RB believes the number is associated with the flame NNP .	12	13	VBZ	is	are	1
the imperial units of mass include the NN , pound , and NN .	2	5	VBP	include	includes	3
these books address complex phenomena of NNP through dramatic NNS and interviews .	1	2	VBP	address	addresses	1
wikipedia that JJ changes require consensus , and a template that is potentially tagged onto hundreds of pages is a JJ change just as a policy is .	25	26	VBZ	is	are	1
and indeed the VBG function is clear .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
since NNP solution contains NN , JJ acid and JJ acid , appropriate safety NNS for these substances should be taken and regulations followed .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain	1
other name seems similarly vague and suspect .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem	1
the town has four banks and a credit union .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
the album contains the concert at tokyo 's NNP on april 17 , 1996 that was to be the very last performance by fellow NNP member bernard edwards who died the following day .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain	1
the island has an area of CD .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
if you just tell us the name of the image i think someone would remove the NN without you having to be logged in though deletion entirely is another matter .	25	27	VBZ	is	are	2
with a size of , the region is slightly smaller than estonia ( ) .	6	7	VBZ	is	are	1
bear in mind that animals live far longer in NN than they do in the wild .	4	5	VBP	live	lives	1
however , the body NNS of NNP are unique in that some appear to arise from a `` JJ structure '' at the base of each NN .	4	7	VBP	are	is	3
as was disputed on the subject article talk page by a third party , the NNP site is not a personal blog site .	16	17	VBZ	is	are	1
as the los angeles times puts it , `` his charts are JJ and NN are RB VBN with RB linked written passages that flow with tremendous NN and drive '' .	10	11	VBP	are	is	1
like all mills landmarks , the mall has graphics , usually hanging from the ceiling .	6	7	VBZ	has	have	1
these chemicals have an effect on the sex of many humans because of constant exposure .	1	2	VBP	have	has	1
the NN sign is not inside any NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the scene opens with NNP and NNP waiting in the NN after being summoned by NNP de NNP .	1	2	VBZ	opens	open	1
the only exceptions are the burnt NN workshop NNP , the fish NN and the NNS factory gabriel NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
actually , in the `` early life '' section , `` are '' is n't necessary because the deceased mention is actually a JJ phrase , not a sentence .	19	20	VBZ	is	are	1
from there , the line runs through the municipality of milan , via the milan NNP railway , to NNP NNP NNP , and finally in an JJ direction to NNP .	4	5	VBZ	runs	run	1
the problem is that such a discussion would become more and more JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
above all , people of NNP are in unity and in communal harmony .	3	6	VBP	are	is	3
in physics , a NNP horizon is a JJ boundary of the domain of validity of a NNP problem ( a particular boundary value problem of the theory of partial differential equations ) .	5	6	VBZ	is	are	1
the largest exhibit is the NNP steam ship NNP NNP castle .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
you do n't know jack on facebook follows a similar format to previous games from the series , where players compete in a virtual game show hosted by the NN `` NNP '' NNP ( voiced by NNP games 's tom NNP ) .	19	20	VBP	compete	competes	1
more modern designs propose to use a lower specific power or a separate large NN breeding NN .	2	3	VBP	propose	proposes	1
your main activity on wikipedia is to VB arguments over the names of things , an activity which ( as pointed out to you many times before ) is of no value whatsoever to the readers of wikipedia .	2	5	VBZ	is	are	3
your responses have a pattern of NN ( 1 ) ( 2 ) that is JJ to say the least , and NN to the projects goals .	1	2	VBP	have	has	1
most NN NNS have an associated protein NN NN , which removes the NN group .	2	3	VBP	have	has	1
the video depicts a captured NNP being VBN by `` the NNP '' , a mechanical creature with a sophisticated artificial intelligence .	1	2	VBZ	depicts	depict	1
vital statistics related to gameplay are also included here like height , weight , the number of points that the player scores in a typical game , and accuracy in percentage for various shots .	20	21	VBZ	scores	score	1
the simple object interface allows for the easy NN of other useful third-party libraries , such as NN , NN , and NNP .	3	4	VBZ	allows	allow	1
its NNP observatory code is CD .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
at some clubs , the normal procedure is for NNS to contract in advance for an entire season 's worth of ice time .	6	7	VBZ	is	are	1
currently this article is essentially just a JJ space for the author .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
amateur television operators often use a lower third or bug containing their NN in NN of voice identification .	2	4	VBP	use	uses	2
many JJ factors VBP in the same way , e .	2	3	VBP	behave	behaves	1
the members meeting meets three times a year .	2	3	VBZ	meets	meet	1
venezuela corruption charges ; the source given is dead ) , then the NNS to remove the material are JJ from 3rr .	5	7	VBZ	is	are	2
a list of works follows , including NN which appears in the three kingdoms tv series .	1	4	VBZ	follows	follow	3
travel to africa to find out why the NNP , a primitive tribe knows so much about astronomy , a black hole , and NNS from outer space .	12	13	VBZ	knows	know	1
it is a rock ballad about a relationship in which one person gives more than the other , and the wear it causes to the people involved .	11	12	VBZ	gives	give	1
now in order to give the reader a JJ and JJ explanation and definition on her career , i feel that one article is not enough .	22	23	VBZ	is	are	1
the book of acts contains an account of paul 's travels and NNS , his conflicts with NNS and jews , and his interactions with the original NNS .	1	4	VBZ	contains	contain	3
the use of an JJ field means that this model is valid only for slow JJ variations ( of the order of one day are larger ) .	9	10	VBZ	is	are	1
the NNP 's NN is narrow and the NN is rapid .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
various optional NNS are available , such as a JJ seat , NN opening , support NNS , or JJ NNS .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
another negative NN happens when cleveland asks another boy to play with cleveland jr .	2	3	VBZ	happens	happen	1
NNP service usually VBZ a total of five years , within which participants are officially soldiers in the NNP .	12	13	VBP	are	is	1
the group decides to stay , and they successfully defend the prison from the governor , who VBZ with his army .	1	2	VBZ	decides	decide	1
in other terms , the JJ NNS are JJ nodes that are shared among the language descriptions .	6	7	VBP	are	is	1
the JJ term of it is `` JJ ice cream '' , which literally means `` NN ice cream '' in NNP dialect .	2	5	VBZ	is	are	3
the school mascot is stan the NNP , and school colors are forest green , navy blue , and silver .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
quality meter is a visual NN showing image quality ( NN , width , height ) and it helps a user to decide whether an image is good enough to use .	25	26	VBZ	is	are	1
the NN decoration extends into the NN with the side walls showing figures of NNS and saints .	2	3	VBZ	extends	extend	1
development can be VBN as ribbon development around the through road , the 2001 census gives a population of CD living in CD households .	14	15	VBZ	gives	give	1
since these NNS go JJ , account activity is low until .	2	3	VBP	go	goes	1
some authors place this NN in the NN NNP ( NNP ) .	1	2	VBP	place	places	1
these four elements are the essence of a spiral of learning that can begin with any one of the four elements , but typically begins with a concrete experience .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
the material that is taken from memoirs is mostly simply matters of fact , and when opinion appears , it is surrounded by NN marks ( unless i missed some ) .	16	17	VBZ	appears	appear	1
seven blocks east of the interchange , the road enters the city of miami proper after crossing the NNP canal one block west of the intersection with NNP dairy road and becomes a four lane road from here until reaching NNP .	8	9	VBZ	enters	enter	1
specific situations include those where additional demands are made on the circulation , such as in pregnancy .	1	2	VBP	include	includes	1
the collection contains six NNS with variations , all on original , secular themes .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain	1
her NNS with NNP are always very JJ and JJ .	1	4	VBP	are	is	3
behavioral medicine is an JJ field of medicine concerned with the integration of knowledge in the biological , behavioral , psychological , and social sciences relevant to health and illness .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the leaves become RB smaller towards the NN ; there are often a few NNS on the NN .	1	2	VBP	become	becomes	1
at fa quality , people want to know more about his acting career than a few titles .	4	5	VBP	want	wants	1
the cord possesses one NN per segment , each of which produces lateral nerve NNS that run into the NNS .	1	2	VBZ	possesses	possess	1
the bridge is the world 's NN and VB JJ NN bridge .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
each side contains approximately 40 minutes of music ( typically 20 songs ) .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain	1
most shadows are effective only against NNP , but some extremely powerful shadows are able to block even NNP .	12	13	VBP	are	is	1
since the summit is below in elevation , camping is permitted NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
currently the only royal family member of NNP that is a member is general prince NNP NNP .	11	12	VBZ	is	are	1
when the list grows large enough , perhaps it should be split by city .	2	3	VBZ	grows	grow	1
these things generally go against what a christian believes is acceptable .	1	3	VBP	go	goes	2
one suggestion is that the place was named after the elder ( `` NN '' in hungarian ) which grew so RB along the banks of the NNP stream .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
melbourne bus routes operate regularly with several stops located within the town .	2	3	VBP	operate	operates	1
his essays are in NN of NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
the gate links the new delhi city with the old JJ city of delhi .	1	2	VBZ	links	link	1
another way is to just click on either of the blue links on the orange bar VBG the new message .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
in some NNS , the NNP ( NNP ) languages are a branch of the NNP languages ( northern NNP ) , of the NNP area of morocco , that includes NNP , one of the major NNP languages .	9	10	VBP	are	is	1
NN `` even when an event is notable , individuals involved in it may not be .	5	6	VBZ	is	are	1
while VBG NNS with their head and thus unable to observe approaching predators , VBD sea NNS can VB their potential enemies to believe that their tail is the head .	26	27	VBZ	is	are	1
other countries predominantly use NNP messenger or other im networks .	1	3	VBP	use	uses	2
the statue is closer to the sea .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the four main areas of ecuador have different NNS .	3	6	VBP	have	has	3
most NNS believe that the procedure is JJ .	1	2	VBP	believe	believes	1
bangladesh talk is live programme of bbc NNP service broadcast in association with NNP satellite channel channel i .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
when the NNS are respectively empty and full , they are switched around .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
some NN NNS form a VBG NN on the surface by NN .	2	3	VBP	form	forms	1
RB , the song is very emotional , with NNP singing of NN and NN in her relationship with fame .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
an exception is the final sex scene between NNP and lucas , which was not completely cut from the game due to its important role in the story , but was shortened by removing the more graphic shots and most of the visible NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
daniel NNP tagged as a csd , but i find the article VBZ enough notability to warrant proper afd debate .	11	12	VBZ	asserts	assert	1
the scale refers not to the symbolic scales of justice , but rather to the NN of fish ; rome 's fish market was located here throughout almost 1 , 400 years .	1	2	VBZ	refers	refer	1
the culture of NN is typical rural culture of andhra region .	1	4	VBZ	is	are	3
but the topic is separate enough as an JJ effect ( NNP fingers ) that is should not be VBN into NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
spirit of kingston is a , CD passenger JJ ferry operating between west seattle and downtown seattle .	0	3	VBZ	is	are	3
these three military branches have numerous military bases situated in all the states and territories of australia .	3	4	VBP	have	has	1
the valley is part of the federal NN NNP NNP , for which the city of NNP serves as its seat .	14	17	VBZ	serves	serve	3
however , reliable english-language sources are a basic requirement for inclusion in the english-language wikipedia , independent of any other articles in the other NNP .	4	5	VBP	are	is	1
the school is a successful , popular institution with children aged from 4 to 7 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the cruise ship NNS are just behind the tram 's base station .	3	4	VBP	are	is	1
large firms also tend to be old and in mature markets .	1	3	VBP	tend	tends	2
each round is a JJ NN goal series .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the house is distinct for its JJ NN lit from a NN , and a series of JJ rooms .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the other articles are here because no one has determined whether or not they are notable .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
this system consists of four NN NNS , one on each corner of the vehicle , a sensor set , and an NNP ( electronic control unit ) to maintain the system .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist	1
the open source version of NNP is available on a public website hosted by boston university .	3	6	VBZ	is	are	3
the entry freely admits that it has nothing much to speak for it .	1	3	VBZ	admits	admit	2
dreams become reality as NNP meets her prince NNP , and disney NNS take to the ice in a spectacular finale .	0	1	VBP	become	becomes	1
dog shows are pretty much an JJ phenomenon -- and personally they are not my cup of tea .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
the last population count , in 2001 , found that 1 , CD people live in the parish .	13	14	VBP	live	lives	1
its focus is to handle native data files from several mass NN systems ( e .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
on the dvd commentary track , NNP VBZ to the difficulty of editing NNP , which perhaps accounts for why the tv version contains more exposition .	22	23	VBZ	contains	contain	1
the majority of his shots were taken in black and white ; colour photographs by NNP are NN .	13	16	VBP	are	is	3
the single platform is on the right of trains arriving from NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
his name comes from the NN NN .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come	1
the NN scales are slightly larger than elsewhere and the scales on the tail are larger than those on the back .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
the next two or three years seem to have been spent in an NN to earn an honest living by picture NN , a trade in which peace proved RB JJ .	5	6	VBP	seem	seems	1
since the lake is not developed tourism activities like NN , rowing are not available here .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the main student club in NNP is NNP and NNP NN , located on the NNP valley hill .	3	6	VBZ	is	are	3
the NN is JJ in shape measuring JJ long and 2 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
probably the most unique feature of the NNP country day school is that since the fall of 2009 , the school offers an RB open and flexible option of independent study .	20	21	VBZ	offers	offer	1
the family size range is from in length , excluding the tail , which is itself quite long in most species .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
some people have a natural talent and catch on quickly , while for others it will be harder and take longer -- and it helps to have NNS on how to practice this kind of thing .	1	2	VBP	have	has	1
really this depends on whether the sequence is one NN or two in the language in question .	6	7	VBZ	is	are	1
this style is realistic in principle , but often uses magical subject matter , with imagery drawn from a range of traditions including the JJ and the NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
in what follows the dates are as given in the chronicle , although as noted above , these are earlier than now thought accurate .	4	5	VBP	are	is	1
these sites represent singapore 's main religions and the NNS the sites each reflect the nature of the religious belief itself .	1	2	VBP	represent	represents	1
in the meantime , the NNS also arrive there to arrest NNP .	5	7	VBP	arrive	arrives	2
the story ends when she is defeated , NNP is rescued , and the past returns to normal .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end	1
that said , it is hard to say how the two accounts are related exactly , which is why i 'm asking for an investigation .	11	12	VBP	are	is	1
for example , file servers often provide a JJ NNP ( known as NNP ) NN for the files , so that a user can compare the NN of the VBN file to it .	4	6	VBP	provide	provides	2
i believe that lack of notability is the reason to delete the article .	3	6	VBZ	is	are	3
the algorithm is straight forward to implement .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
NNP and sam open `` dirty work '' , a NN business ( the dirty work phone number is `` JJ , '' a JJ number used later on saturday night live .	17	18	VBZ	is	are	1
the school has several musical and voice NNS , and the marching band was notable for winning several high level state competitions in the early 1990s .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
the article cites no sources at all and does not claim any media attention ( not that that would be automatically evidence of encyclopedic notability anyway ) .	1	2	VBZ	cites	cite	1
the chart is indeed the proposal , but just above the chart you have an update line saying that the proposal is approved , announced and published .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
beginning in 2001 , every year , starting the week before NNP , the station plays nothing but christmas music , well into december 26 or 27 .	14	15	VBZ	plays	play	1
mackenzie is married and the couple has two children , a daughter and a son .	5	6	VBZ	has	have	1
according to cohen the green children represent a dual NN into william 's unified vision of england .	5	6	VBP	represent	represents	1
as opposed to western medicine , where the NNS function is the storage and NN of NN , the NN in traditional chinese medicine has extended functions , including how NNS are transformed during JJ production .	9	10	VBZ	is	are	1
northern styles exhibit a RB different NN from the martial arts practiced in the south .	1	2	VBP	exhibit	exhibits	1
new year activities are of any cultural relevance and that production company broadcasts most of its output , possibly .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
the phone system is intelligent enough to work out that the CD .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
all age groups play in the west riding girls football league and other small tournaments around yorkshire .	2	3	VBP	play	plays	1
but their leader sends NNP to scout the forests to find his wife .	2	3	VBZ	sends	send	1
trivia sections are to be avoided but splitting off a trivia section into its own article is not the way to do it .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
the spelling is that officially used by the NNP NNP body ) the NNP NNP body ( mob ) was formed to manage the event and consists entirely of volunteers .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
while getting ready , he notices his guitar again , but this time picks it up and plays .	12	13	VBZ	picks	pick	1
this one has an operational head office at NNP airport .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
VBN from the tube , the NN will produce a NN of several thousand NNS ( depending on NN ) , but the strike voltage is typically 600 to CD , or lower for shorter tubes , so this high voltage should not normally be generated .	24	25	VBZ	is	are	1
i can , and i recognize that not every editor is the right editor for every situation on wikipedia .	9	10	VBZ	is	are	1
all the border towns are famous for their rugby union , and NNP has associations with william wallace and robert the bruce .	3	4	VBP	are	is	1
the plot involves romantic difficulties and NN .	1	2	VBZ	involves	involve	1
it is clear that if the VBG dimension of b is negative , b is an irrelevant parameter .	7	10	VBZ	is	are	3
either way , this conversation is not appropriate for this venue , and i am marking it resolved .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
i uploaded , i admit that was a mistake , and my only ( weak ) defence is that we were n't having the ( ( NN ) ) NN back in july so i VBP VBN on thin ice .	16	17	VBZ	is	are	1
another passive marking form is the word ambulance ( or local language variant ) spelled out in reverse on the front of the vehicle .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
although her full name is NNP , she likes people to call her NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
the name implies that it will be about the egyptian NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	implies	imply	1
they are under the governance of the russian federation , but japan has claimed the NN islands are japanese territory .	16	17	VBP	are	is	1
the abstract is usually JJ words and VBZ all parts of the grant application including key elements such as the general purpose , specific goals , research designs , methods of evaluation , contribution rationale , and the potential impact of project .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the nearest professional teams are NNP rovers , hull city , leeds united , NNP united , sheffield wednesday , sheffield united and york city .	3	4	VBP	are	is	1
the way it is has a RB lighter tone .	1	4	VBZ	has	have	3
on this map he marks different kinds of crimes with JJ NNS - JJ NNS stand for JJ crimes , for example .	14	15	VBP	stand	stands	1
the history and controversy makes it a valid encyclopedia entry .	1	4	VBZ	makes	make	3
NNP 's house reef is worthy of note as it is in excellent condition and accessible directly from the resort 's beach .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
JJ analysis also has a connection to the problem of NN 's NN that has been studied by , among others , NNP in CD .	1	3	VBZ	has	have	2
devil '' is the third single from the NNP album language .	0	2	VBZ	is	are	2
the things i do know are that each muscle group needs adequate rest between exercise sessions to recover , and without that you wo n't progress as fast .	9	10	VBZ	needs	need	1
the church is part of the NNP parish in the NNP NNP NN in the diocese of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
instead all i get are attacks because my username is new or because my ip has been used by others ( which is why i changed my username ) .	8	9	VBZ	is	are	1
now , his entire fleet is in danger of being VBN .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
NNP deer are generally not permanent residents along the river , but travel down from the rim when food and water resources there become NN .	21	23	VBP	become	becomes	2
the links to websites are part of my official bio and serve to explain my knowledge and background pertaining to technology .	1	4	VBP	are	is	3
the film also has NNP NNP as a 8 year old son of t .	1	3	VBZ	has	have	2
however , the NNS appear to be up to something .	3	4	VBP	appear	appears	1
with over 24 , 500 residents , whites make up about 33 .	5	8	VBP	make	makes	3
the story has a strong environmental message .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
tools fall from the sky , but there is a house on the right side of the screen .	0	1	VBP	fall	falls	1
the organization also maintains field representatives in 35 states .	1	3	VBZ	maintains	maintain	2
the JJ structure is perhaps more easily seen with the landscape removed .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
alternatively , trade NNS can be reduced if a country encouraged domestic saving by VBG or VBG the flow of capital across borders , or by raising interest rates , although this benefit is likely VBN by VBG down the economy and increasing government interest payments .	32	33	VBZ	is	are	1
last NN is JJ RB and inclined to the rear , with the other NN similar in length , NN , and NN direction .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the nominator VBZ that this page falls under the wikipedia is not a collection of photos or media files policy .	5	6	VBZ	falls	fall	1
they also noted that the NN effect is an important factor in the perception of JJ sound .	6	7	VBZ	is	are	1
however , its north-eastern face has steep cliffs with a small NN lake , NNP NNP NNP , at their bottom .	4	5	VBZ	has	have	1
junior NNS have an advantage over JJ NNS .	1	2	VBP	have	has	1
the campaigns target a broad segment of u .	1	2	VBP	target	targets	1
these services are now ( since january 1 , 2010 ) provided by NNP NN NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
shopping centres are notable if they have been the subject of significant coverage in multiple , reliable sources .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
the game begins with iron man defending the NNP , an archived version of j .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin	1
we just report what reliable sources say .	5	6	VBP	say	says	1
the entrance is through an JJ gate on NNP street .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
one night , jessica VBZ elizabeth at a party with todd and the evening is just one big fun NN .	13	14	VBZ	is	are	1
NNP and nathan choose to search for them alone , but first NNP 's father insists on coming , then dwight does .	14	15	VBZ	insists	insist	1
the ceremony VBZ after all the roses have been given out .	1	2	VBZ	concludes	conclude	1
from the NN it can be VBN that the skull is deep and RB built with large NNS .	9	10	VBZ	is	are	1
its goal is to associate a label to the NNS of a given image or nodes of a given graph .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the film opens on the last day of school in bryant , arkansas .	1	2	VBZ	opens	open	1
in the united states , county parks are lower in hierarchy than state parks .	6	7	VBP	are	is	1
this swing bridge crosses the manchester ship canal and is operated from the north bank by hydraulic water power .	2	3	VBZ	crosses	cross	1
the talking cure is a phrase that is now used more widely by a variety of talking NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
plans exist to start using two NNP NNP 120 NNP .	0	1	VBP	exist	exists	1
freight trains usually share the tracks with passenger trains ; the only exception is the new NNP , which opened in 2006 as the first JJ route .	12	13	VBZ	is	are	1
NN is the fifth studio album by the australian band the VBG jets .	0	1	VBZ	is	are	1
the main events are NNP sports meet , NNP competitions , NNP trophy , NNP etc .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
one of the issues i have with articles like these is that after a while , the article begins to sound like the person did absolutely nothing in their life other than die in a shooting .	17	18	VBZ	begins	begin	1
NNP railway is a predominantly NN , JJ main line in the northwest in the german state of lower saxony .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
although automatic NN is intended to reduce access delays , the procedure can slow response when performed while the computer is in use .	19	20	VBZ	is	are	1
the recommended engine is from a NNP NNP automobile , which VBZ 4 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
for an JJ reason , psychology is no longer viewed as a science , and NNS VBP like NNP 's witnesses , the church of jesus christ of JJ saints and other JJ NN religions .	15	16	VBP	behave	behaves	1
this is when small particles follow the NNS , but if they flow too close to an NN , they may VB ( e .	4	5	VBP	follow	follows	1
group selection assumes that groups with NNS ( even NNS ) will be more successful as a whole , and this will tend to benefit all members .	1	2	VBZ	assumes	assume	1
the consensus is for deletion on the basis that the subject fails the relevant inclusion guidelines .	10	11	VBZ	fails	fail	1
some sources indicate that NNP NNP NNP and his forces played an active part in VBG the italian invasion .	1	2	VBP	indicate	indicates	1
her book contains actual texts which were VBN or quoted in part by parker and parker .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain	1
a freshwater snail is one kind of freshwater NN , the other kind being freshwater NNS and NNS , i .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
NNP has a farming economy , traditional crops include NN , NN , cotton , NN ( ground NN ) , UH , NN and wheat .	7	8	VBP	include	includes	1
after looking through some of the references provided in the article , i found this site , which seems to indicate that the table is a library classification scheme about tea studies .	23	24	VBZ	is	are	1
the main JJ crops include JJ , NN , NNS , NNS and NNS .	3	4	VBP	include	includes	1
each society has JJ executive positions of president , treasurer , and secretary , to maintain the running of the societies .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
the school has a special english learning program where over 700 students from primarily NNP areas are developing english skills through the program conducted by the NNP learning center .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
the degree is generally only offered at JJ law schools , which typically accept only a handful of students into their program each year .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
these two habitats work in conjunction to create the necessary diversity of species needed to maintain a productive native prairie seed bank .	2	3	VBP	work	works	1
no one speaks as NNP describes his experience .	1	2	VBZ	speaks	speak	1
the student is also able to better connect socially with the community being studied and have better access to the community 's rituals and performances .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the album is NNP 's second studio album .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
all bits work with either direct pressure or NN .	1	2	VBP	work	works	1
if this is the problem , it means your keyboard thinks the shift key is being held down .	9	10	VBZ	thinks	think	1
the information is arguably encyclopedic , but too JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
when the final speeches are over , the debate procedure will automatically be closed , and voting procedures will begin .	3	4	VBP	are	is	1
newly released papers show NNP evans , former NNP NNP mp for NNP , said he would fast to death if the british government did not provide a welsh language television service .	2	3	VBP	show	shows	1
although many modern engines use NN NN , VBG the lift and valve duration in a working engine is more difficult .	3	4	VBP	use	uses	1
established in 1933 , as of 2009 the company derives most of its power from 19 major NNS on the NNP river with associated power stations , for which it has a NN until CD .	8	9	VBZ	derives	derive	1
the character has yet to appear in the english manga or anime , and wo n't for some time .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
article is not about a NN ; it is about an underlying concept , which is widely recognised .	0	1	VBZ	is	are	1
the angola national roller hockey team is the national team side of angola at international roller hockey .	5	6	VBZ	is	are	1
records artist young NNP , although he 's VBN .	0	1	VBP	artist	artists	1
the flower is small , JJ , JJ , and arranged in JJ NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
i has from the NN been a dispute that involves both conduct and content - namely because some editors work to use influence content in favor of a particular view and quite consistently do so by VBG our policies .	18	19	VBP	work	works	1
the building still survives as london 's oldest brick terrace , dated CD .	1	3	VBZ	survives	survive	2
the building is certainly one of the finest examples of the NNP citizens ' residences and was a NN of milan 's NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
their stars are NNP hawk , a JJ NN , and NNP NNP , a sex goddess .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
other scenic areas include the west park , lake NNP , lake NN and the municipal forest , NNP NNP .	2	3	VBP	include	includes	1
the JJ nerve is a terminal branch of the JJ nerve .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the most famous published collection of NNS is the latin NNP collected by NNP , mostly from ancient literature .	4	7	VBZ	is	are	3
if your opinion is correct , then the NNP incident should be on his page .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
JJ students often blame their athletic teams ' JJ performances on the `` NNP curse .	1	3	VBP	blame	blames	2
the july 21 edit summary says `` did some research to find out how common it is , and added the results .	4	5	VBZ	says	say	1
the general consensus seems to be that all real official locations are notable , so villages would be kept if sent to NNP something i personally support .	10	11	VBP	are	is	1
they were VBG CD NNS ' , CD kids are animals ' , JJ NN ' , VBZ JJ NNS ' .	8	9	VBP	are	is	1
this scenario receives support from a plaque placed in st NNP 's parish church in dundee , which claims to mark the site of the CD of NNP ' , given to them in 1972 by NNP robert gray ' .	1	2	VBZ	receives	receive	1
given everything we know about him , deletion seems VBN .	7	8	VBZ	seems	seem	1
her favorite thing to do is to make clothes for children .	2	5	VBZ	is	are	3
NNP , a former NN for the NNP in the east midlands , is the JJ leader of the na , although their membership is largely JJ with the now more important NNP .	23	24	VBZ	is	are	1
no JJ records exist to show if charles howard was a NNP himself .	2	3	VBP	exist	exists	1
however , NN levels are usually very high , making it feel much NN .	3	4	VBP	are	is	1
this pattern is one of the primary criteria used to judge a dog in a field trial .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
portal - the page is a portal .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
the leader in the hosted accounting software ( NNP ) arena is NNP .	10	11	VBZ	is	are	1
in conclusion , it comprised life is an ultimate `` fair test '' of NN and rational choices , having a RB just NN in one 's current state , as well as the NN .	5	6	VBZ	is	are	1
NNP became the carriage works , while wagon building was concentrated at NNP .	3	4	VBZ	works	work	1
these articles are in primitive state at the moment .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
her other early musical influences include NNP smith , bob dylan , the rolling stones , bruce NNP and john NNP .	4	5	VBP	include	includes	1
the roof is low , and the walls are RB VBN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
obviously the developers want to avoid selling at a loss .	2	3	VBP	want	wants	1
at least two large scale structural collapse events seem to have occurred in the past on NNP NNP .	7	8	VBP	seem	seems	1
he is frequently confused in medieval writings with NNP of NNP ; some works have also been attributed to him , of which , however , no traces remain .	27	28	VBP	remain	remains	1
another beast appears , but from the earth , having two NNS like a lamb and speaking like a dragon .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear	1
NNS is served by NNP airport although many visitors also fly to NNP NNP airport .	8	10	VBP	fly	flies	2
the video depicts the band against various colored NNS singing while facing each other , turning away as a new line is sung .	1	2	VBZ	depicts	depict	1
by precisely determining its JJ line , scientists were able to draw conclusions about how valid our fundamental physical NNS are - if , for example , they change slowly with time .	19	20	VBP	are	is	1
a slower type of dance is the jo no NNP .	2	5	VBZ	is	are	3
the south wing runs away from the canyon , ending in a JJ space once called the `` NN .	2	3	VBZ	runs	run	1
NNP 's books hold up quite well today .	2	3	VBP	hold	holds	1
the meal becomes increasingly JJ , and the judge and NNP are severely VBN and leave .	1	2	VBZ	becomes	become	1
when playing a singles game ( that is , without partners ) , the requirement is one red NN and one black NN .	14	15	VBZ	is	are	1
even if you have lived a life free of scandal , and your wikipedia article is JJ , at some time in the future your first VBN mistake may well end up getting into that article .	14	15	VBZ	is	are	1
the area is now rich in wildlife .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the president and ceo is the JJ administrator of the campus and is appointed by the board of directors .	1	4	VBZ	is	are	3
his writing shows traces of NNP , NNP , cultural studies , new journalism , beat literature , NNP , and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show	1
meanwhile , every few chapters are letters NNP VBZ in his head to NNP .	4	5	VBP	are	is	1
this craft center not only keeps the traditional crafts alive ( JJ , JJ , VBG , pottery , and VBG ) , but keeps the women who are involved alive .	2	5	VBZ	keeps	keep	3
NN assembly constituency is part of NNP NNP sabha constituency .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
NNP said that the game is a `` perfect companion '' to the legend of NNP series , to which adventures is often compared .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
the story features the adventures of a young boy named joey price who discovers that his NN animals can come to life to protect him from the NNPS , monsters who come out of his NN to get him in the middle of the night .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature	1
take that focus away , the article itself is no longer notable , and let 's csd or afd it NNP .	6	8	VBZ	is	are	2
four of the project 's good articles and another four former good articles are about races that occurred this year .	12	13	VBP	are	is	1
the building is JJ and contains 52 floors .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the region has a wide range of JJ holiday NNS ranging from the traditional coastal towns of NNP and NNP in suffolk and great NNP in norfolk to small fishing villages like NNP and NNP in suffolk .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
the region covers the glasgow city council area and a north-western portion of the south NNP council area .	1	2	VBZ	covers	cover	1
it is also why , in this instance , NNP will has been encouraged to demonstrate an admission that these problems exist and a resolve to avoid repeating them in the future so that the topic ban can be lifted .	20	21	VBP	exist	exists	1
it is not clear to me where the line is , so i am not sure what needs to be removed .	8	9	VBZ	is	are	1
i do n't know how their current quality is , but they 've been useful to me a couple of times .	7	8	VBZ	is	are	1
the males differ from the females having a JJR white band on the JJ wing and NN is bordered on both sides with black spots .	1	2	VBP	differ	differs	1
some reports say the NN was VBN by the crew switching the studio VBZ so that sales would think the JJR image was going out over the air .	1	2	VBP	say	says	1
their NNS the NNP and the NNP , VBP the visitors , as the journey continues down the NNP path into the early period of the NNP settlement by man , when the river banks were still JJ jungle and NNS still VBD beside the NNP .	14	15	VBZ	continues	continue	1
the first and the last of its kind in the NNP franchise , the show is JJ towards finding new child NNS .	14	15	VBZ	is	are	1
an ice core is a core sample from the NN of snow and ice that has JJ and trapped air NNS over many years .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
this honor roll consists of the CD u .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist	1
but JJ comment VBZ me of the related concept of NNP .	2	3	VBZ	reminds	remind	1
the bronze sculpture depicts an agricultural worker dressed in NNS and carrying a seed bag .	2	3	VBZ	depicts	depict	1
the mine is usually only found in the JJ half of the leaf .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
both robots are comparable in ability .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
this is why the aforementioned guidelines exist , and why no guideline exists that gives exceptions to these standards to an editor based on history , NN , etc .	11	12	VBZ	exists	exist	1
the situation is an evil JJ mess that we must live with .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
a colony of NNS lives on the split rock river .	1	4	VBZ	lives	live	3
the last night consists of a fun concert when everyone performs his or her party piece !	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist	1
the station has an island platform serving two tracks .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
mild temperatures are prevalent , but NN is higher than any other NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
a NN killer then begins to murder them one by one .	2	4	VBZ	begins	begin	2
these planets are , however , entirely JJ ; they have light but no physical form and no geography .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
his father comes from ghana , his mother is german , he is the brother of NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come	1
JJ police officers serve as part of NNP 's participating police force ( NNP ) .	2	3	VBP	serve	serves	1
advertising representatives sell advertisements to cover the cost of printing the magazine .	1	2	VBP	sell	sells	1
stone sculpture is traditional family business of NNP and NNP in NNP NNP and nearby villages for more than 300 years .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the coat of arms is a shield with two figures .	1	4	VBZ	is	are	3
a nice even dollar , two dollars , or five dollars seem to me to be an appropriate amount to tip for your JJ meal .	10	11	VBP	seem	seems	1
NNP assisted in the effort to ensure that documentary NNS have the same rights as major studios in terms of the speed at which their films will be able to travel the internet .	9	10	VBP	have	has	1
neither is to be believed until statistical analysis shows where the NNS lie .	11	12	VBP	lie	lie	1
the all-time table VBZ teams that have participated in the world cup by a number of criteria including matches , wins , losses , goals , total points , and points per matches played etc .	2	3	VBZ	compares	compare	1
mark 's parents also adopt a boy named paul .	2	4	VBP	adopt	adopts	2
other examples include some NNP species from australia ( family NNP ) , and in the northern hemisphere several species of NNP and NNP NN ( family NNP ) .	1	2	VBP	include	includes	1
every year , the town VBZ its angel festival in honor of their 2nd patron saint , saint NNP , together their town 's pride , the angel festival , which attracts many tourists every year .	4	5	VBZ	celebrates	celebrate	1
if the nom believes the linked teams currently listed are of dubious notability , nominate them first for deletion .	6	9	VBP	are	is	3
with an odd number of these the transition state has a NNP NN , and with an even number the transition state has a NNP NN .	21	22	VBZ	has	have	1
NNS normally deal with things at the mo level .	0	2	VBP	deal	deals	2
its yield is low ( about 0 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
all NNS ultimately report to the head of state .	1	3	VBP	report	reports	2
some scholars believe that fu NNP actually VBD the chapters instead of VBG them from the walls .	1	2	VBP	believe	believes	1
the suits closely resemble those of italian cards and latin suited NNP NNS .	1	3	VBP	resemble	resembles	2
bus 72 is the main bus that runs through the central portion of NNP .	0	2	VBZ	is	are	2
freedom station is a non-profit CD charitable organization located in san diego , california whose mission is to assist VBG injured military service members who are VBG their retirement or discharge from their respective branch of the united states military service .	15	16	VBZ	is	are	1
crime and punishment is a 1935 film directed by NNP von NNP for columbia pictures .	0	3	VBZ	is	are	3
NNP believes this period ends in 1980 , which he points out as being `` interesting '' because it was when `` reagan came to the white house .	3	4	VBZ	ends	end	1
this category contains articles that have been rated as `` good article '' `` NN '' by the NNP wikiproject .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain	1
while conducting chronic NN tests JJ effects are NNS that are looked at .	6	7	VBP	are	is	1
the NNP has sometimes been viewed as a race of NNP , but its territorial song resembles those of the NNP races of NNP , and genetic data shows that it is closely related to that species , and only RB to NNP .	15	16	VBZ	resembles	resemble	1
if a patient eventually develops a RB significant NN , the NNP will have to be VBN at the time of NN surgery , possibly through a JJ NN .	2	4	VBZ	develops	develop	2
the constituency has 10 wards , all VBG councillors to the NNP county council .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
almost six million people already reside in coastal areas outside the mainland capitals , and a further one million are expected by CD .	3	5	VBP	reside	resides	2
the natural world of the NN is important to many of his works and NNP 's themes are often about opposing ideas , such as educated vs .	16	17	VBP	are	is	1
typically the material is JJ , but the NN might be an accident of NN , such as the NN of a clay NN in a NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
article has good sources , but there are plenty more for the taking .	0	1	VBZ	has	have	1
published works refer to newspaper articles , magazine articles , books , scholarly papers , and television NNS except for works carrying merely trivial coverage , such as newspaper articles that just mention the person in passing , telephone directory listings , or simple records of NNS and deaths .	1	2	VBP	refer	refers	1
the NNP pond is 70 meters at the JJS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
for a NN , the article is either news or just another instance of JJ content NN that will unlikely see much improvement during the next two or three years .	5	6	VBZ	is	are	1
the release date is JJ and it will be a JJ NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
indian copyright is , apparently , 60 years but texts of laws etc is free right from the start .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
it should be VBN that while pain often VBZ or is centered in these areas it can also spread or be VBN in nature .	6	8	VBZ	originates	originate	2
just east of NNP , the road passes NNP interchange with highway 40 and VBZ the original route , continuing past the NNP industrial zone and the NNP cement factory , one of the most impressive landmarks in the area .	6	7	VBZ	passes	pass	1
what we have here is a curious situation where there does exist a consensus that this article is , and likely forever will be , a dictionary definition , while at the same time there exists a consensus that it is notable .	16	17	VBZ	is	are	1
but when murder strikes NN , the red NNP must find a killer who strikes with deadly .	2	3	VBZ	strikes	strike	1
the problem is the link NNP keeps VBG to the misleading NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
almost all the google news hits are links for this site , not about this site .	5	6	VBP	are	is	1
the early phase consists of an early period of bronze manufacture without NNS , followed by a period of producing JJ NNS .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist	1
adults are on wing in august and march .	0	1	VBP	are	is	1
small planes fly on regular tourist flights from cambridge airport , NNP and offer a JJ way to view the south west wilderness .	1	2	VBP	fly	flies	1
we think these tools are great - but have two very different audiences .	3	4	VBP	are	is	1
for a paid editor , their job is to make a good page that passes long term NN ; for the best paid editors , that means accepting that the page is not under their control and may well include negative coverage if that exists .	6	7	VBZ	is	are	1
that trust is something that comes with time .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the principal application of NNP is as an JJ NN .	2	5	VBZ	is	are	3
the NN is JJ and JJ al .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
as well , 46 NN NNS still remain .	5	7	VBP	remain	remains	2
although the claims that real NNS edit there might be a JJ claim of notability , other than that , there is nothing there other than or and NNS , and a lot of pov .	5	6	VBP	edit	edit	1
uses real name and leads directly to my email address ( avoid spam ) .	2	4	VBZ	leads	lead	2
legend has it that she fled her father 's kingdom along with her brother and some monks to avoid execution by the hands of his men for their NN from NNP .	0	1	VBZ	has	have	1
again , the fact that the sources are not in the article is a reason to list it as a stub , not delete it .	6	7	VBP	are	is	1
the city of NNP is part of NNP parish .	1	4	VBZ	is	are	3
a NN bridge only requires a JJ horizontal structure , also known as a beam , and two supports at each end to rest upon it .	2	4	VBZ	requires	require	2
the subject exists , it can be VBN with numerous games in this area .	1	2	VBZ	exists	exist	1
therefore , if those estimates are correct , the ones who remained , VBD better at 62 .	4	5	VBP	are	is	1
other systems management approaches are remote shells , proprietary solutions and network management NNS like NNP .	3	4	VBP	are	is	1
the trail connects the el NNP del NNP bart station and NNP trail to the south with the city of hercules to the north .	1	2	VBZ	connects	connect	1
the show continues with `` who am i living for '' in which she is VBN up by her dancers with JJ strings and is left on the ground defeated .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue	1
his other interests include sports , such as soccer , football , boxing , tennis , golf , baseball and hockey , and basketball .	2	3	VBP	include	includes	1
over the counter NNS are available without a NN .	3	4	VBP	are	is	1
the school is one of the few mumbai schools that offer malayalam as a subject in the secondary school certificate ( NNP ) examination .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
some NNS often argue that all JJ and JJ societies are ( RB ) NN in nature .	9	10	VBP	are	is	1
his awards are not sufficiently notable .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
please read the answers , especially those that explain that this discussion is about this article , not others .	11	12	VBZ	is	are	1
my question is whether wikipedia should be linking to videos by either or both of these groups or if it should simply cite the original show which is broadcast by the NNP NNP tv station of palestine .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
most JJ NN methods are capable of generating JJ category structures ; see NNP for more information on hierarchy .	3	4	VBP	are	is	1
the article claims several albums , but at least his most recent one is JJ .	1	2	VBZ	claims	claim	1
if the name submitted is denied , it can be appealed ; otherwise a new name has to be submitted .	15	16	VBZ	has	have	1
the letters start by accusing doctor NNP NNP ( pierre NNP ) of having an affair with laura NNP ( NNP NNP ) , the pretty young wife of the elderly NN dr .	1	2	VBP	start	starts	1
most of all , the article just looks like it needs a serious editing pass -- or several .	5	7	VBZ	looks	look	2
if both teams lose all their flames or if a team loses its last flame on the fourth challenge , a playoff is used to decide which team will enter the NNP room .	10	11	VBZ	loses	lose	1
however most historians now believe the house was built in the CD or CD .	2	4	VBP	believe	believes	2
any tips are welcome and will be acted on .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
in more favorable conditions , such as city driving , with lots of stop and go , the range goes up to .	18	19	VBZ	goes	go	1
all the windows but one are NNS with NN NNS .	2	5	VBP	are	is	3
the plague can be easily treated with NNS , thus a widespread NN is highly unlikely in developed countries .	12	13	VBZ	is	are	1
some JJ NNP groups constantly change their music by taking older pieces they know and mixing them together , as well as trying new variations on their music .	3	5	VBP	change	changes	2
implementation is usually not considered architectural definition , but rather hardware design engineering .	0	1	VBZ	is	are	1
almost any source is good enough to be sure on these .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
NNP , a teenager who is pregnant and homeless , VBZ them as the couple to care for her child ( `` her name is NNP '' ) .	23	24	VBZ	Is	Are	1
the big difference is that we found almost all the increase from violence , they found NN of the increase from violence .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
all the NNS suggest the author is planning on articles for all the players as well .	2	3	VBP	suggest	suggests	1
johnson 's service dates to 1994 when she was elected to a circuit NN but then appointed to the supreme court under a federal consent decree which temporarily increased the number of NNS from seven to eight .	2	3	VBZ	dates	date	1
the NNS are a list of NNS and a NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
since the 2011 , local government reform it is part of the municipality NNP , of which it is a municipal unit .	6	8	VBZ	is	are	2
the burnt fuel creates pressure in the cylinder above the NN and forces it RB .	2	3	VBZ	creates	create	1
the JJ palace of NNP hosts the NNP NN NNP NNP , which contains the civic collections of art belonging to the city of naples , and features temporary exhibits of art and culture .	2	5	VBZ	hosts	host	3
NNP discussion represents the quality of thought of wp administrators , wp is in trouble .	1	2	VBZ	represents	represent	1
the NNP 's mission is to give NN NNS the knowledge , resources and support they need to provide quality patient care .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
the boys get rather wealthy from the NN NN , but NNP VBZ them to cut their ties to NNP and make more profits .	1	2	VBP	get	gets	1
truly , the delete request has no basis in reality .	4	5	VBZ	has	have	1
where the 1 is written with a long NN , the number 7 has a horizontal stroke through the vertical line .	11	13	VBZ	has	have	2
every railway station has a cycle park attached and most also offer watched cycle parking for a JJ fee .	2	3	VBZ	has	have	1
the NNP van NNP stand is on the north side of the ground and stands along the length of the pitch , opposite the NNP stand .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
these NNS are visible in NNP NNS ( x-ray VBN NN ) .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
i deleted the page because the content was JJ and posted by anonymous editors , and because the individual in question appears not to be particularly noteworthy .	18	21	VBZ	appears	appear	3
you could even ask someone to VB up an external link NN that checks where the most popular NNS are links from NNP articles and apply the tag yourself .	18	19	VBP	are	is	1
however that kind of list is better suited for an external link rather than the main text of the article .	2	5	VBZ	is	are	3
in august 2011 , there was a NN that the english premier league club , NNP athletic fc has offered IN a trial , but the trial is yet to be confirm by NNP official 's .	26	27	VBZ	is	are	1
some common JJ alternatives are memory NN , NN hull , and NN .	3	4	VBP	are	is	1
link is one of eight characters initially VBP in nintendo 's 1999 fighting game , super NNP bros .	0	1	VBZ	is	are	1
port st mary became a village district for local government purposes in 1890 , for which port st mary commissioners are responsible .	19	20	VBP	are	is	1
this list includes properties and districts listed on the california historical landmark listing in NNP county , california .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include	1
services are JJ , loosely coupled units of functionality that have no calls to each other embedded in them .	0	1	VBP	are	is	1
JJ or JJ theories , like NN , say that an action is right or wrong , depending on the consequences it produces , whereas JJ theories , like the NNP NNP , say that actions are either RB right or RB wrong .	11	12	VBZ	is	are	1
places where roman catholic NNS take place .	4	5	VBP	take	takes	1
a single JJ constituency is available for NNS in the NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
it is believed to work by limiting the presence of JJ acid which bacteria need to survive .	13	14	VBP	need	needs	1
csd of being a copyright violation and feed a sentence or two into google , the new wp page almost RB shows up .	18	21	VBZ	shows	show	3
this temple is in the NNP NNP development project , this temple is in just opposite east side of NNP river and NNP NNP royal palace .	11	12	VBZ	is	are	1
these NNS range from those that VBP to confirm the christian view of jesus , or NN christianity , or interpret the life and teachings of jesus with the hope of causing social change .	1	2	VBP	range	ranges	1
NNP raj , a simple village youth arrives in NNP to attend college , sharing a room with an JJ student bobby ( NNP ) .	6	7	VBZ	arrives	arrive	1
the fruit is an NN a few NNS long which is VBN with a small NN of JJ scales .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
this example VBZ the NNP awareness of the historical contribution of their ethnic .	1	2	VBZ	illustrates	illustrate	1
article is unsourced , no sources added since last afd in oct CD .	0	1	VBZ	is	are	1
we probably do n't need mediation anymore , since the users in question seem to be working together better now , with consensus basically achieved .	10	13	VBP	seem	seems	3
i believe the article to be neutral ; no JJ theories of NN seem to be here , but NNP can speak to that better than i can .	10	13	VBP	seem	seems	3
the parish is part of the NNP and upper NNP parish cluster .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the song was also appears the compilation album NNP hits 2007 .	6	7	VBZ	album	album	1
the standard also VBZ that customers should be warned that not all devices may have letters .	1	3	VBZ	recommends	recommend	2
the two manage to successfully make it look like an accident , but the incident forces NNP to pull away from his friendship with ryan .	14	15	VBZ	forces	force	1
ultimately it was about , you know , regardless of what happens in this relationship , i do n't have to give up on VBG this person , or VBG myself , or give up on whatever my dreams are .	38	39	VBP	are	is	1
this character is a bad example .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
she tells the party the young man is mad , and sir NNP supports her declaration .	6	7	VBZ	is	are	1
his JJ publications include den NN NN RB VBN ( 1983 , 1994 ) , NNP ( 1989 ) , NNP NN NN NN ( NN .	2	3	VBP	include	includes	1
its title suggests a manual for practitioners of NN , a sort of NNP 's the prince for our times .	1	2	VBZ	suggests	suggest	1
now the light is back again .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
lists are only relevant if they tell us something and these really do n't .	0	1	VBP	are	is	1
the actors take advantage of this fact by VBG this VBN ' third party , and claiming the debt as their own .	1	2	VBP	take	takes	1
green numbers indicate the couples with the highest score for each week .	1	2	VBP	indicate	indicates	1
at the very least more information is JJ here .	5	6	VBZ	is	are	1
his calm , JJ personality is a notable departure from NNP 's NN , NNP 's NN , NNP 's NN , and NNP 's VBG logic .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
notable alternatives include the black button boot ( primarily of historical interest only ) and the VBN albert NN which was originally worn only at home .	1	2	VBP	include	includes	1
past winners range from JJ NN companies to VB blogs .	1	2	VBP	range	ranges	1
this image represents the logo of NNP tv .	1	2	VBZ	represents	represent	1
when the teens are in the bus , they find out that their driver is `` dr .	13	14	VBZ	is	are	1
this one has one keep , and comments .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
the university also has teaching facilities in NNP , and operates an education and research facility at NNP village on fraser island .	1	3	VBZ	has	have	2
as of october 2010 , direct NNP day trains connect seoul to NNP in a minimum 4 hours 50 minutes , and NNP trains in a minimum 5 hours 28 minutes .	8	9	VBP	connect	connects	1
some techniques have specific requirements on the form of data .	1	2	VBP	have	has	1
an important factor in sexual selection , it allows for the establishment and recognition of dominance as males compete for access to sexually active females .	17	18	VBP	compete	competes	1
the secondary reason is that the distinction can make sense from the knowledge base NN 's perspective .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
no sources provided that i can see , these episodes are not the subject of multiple JJ secondary sources that are independent of the subject .	9	10	VBP	are	is	1
this spiritual practice is present in the major religions of world .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
educational programs include the NNP summer NNP camp ( started in 1998 ) , NNP , and the rhode island film forum .	1	2	VBP	include	includes	1
the water NNS in the area are commonly flooded and the resulting JJ soil supports an array of JJ vegetation .	13	14	VBZ	supports	support	1
however , he knows that his advances make NNP JJ .	6	7	VBP	make	makes	1
comment the current history section sounds like it needs to be VBN off into a daughter article .	4	5	VBZ	sounds	sound	1
the NNP canyon impact crater is the site where one or more NNS struck the atlantic continental NN , about east of atlantic city , new jersey .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
some states follow a NN system where treaties can become law without NN , if their provisions are considered sufficiently JJ .	1	2	VBP	follow	follows	1
we are stating that the distinction is real , significant , and something more than an arbitrary classification , and then attempting to show that it is valid by VBG an arbitrary list of individuals we think fit into the category .	5	6	VBZ	is	are	1
NN ; no evidence that filming has commenced , and JJ evidence to suggest that the project is still active .	16	17	VBZ	is	are	1
though he called the arrangements `` somewhat JJ pop NNS '' and `` VB given ryan 's age , her musical NNS are more than matched by her truly impressive vocal talent '' .	21	22	VBP	are	is	1
all tracks are officially JJ , although each has an alternate name by which the band refers to it .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
the current structure is a mixture between the fa scotland national football team article and some new ideas .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
single NN helicopters need a tail NN to VB the JJ moment produced by the single large NN .	2	3	VBP	need	needs	1
the apparent source says nothing about internet taxes whatsoever .	2	3	VBZ	says	say	1
NNS use some scheme to avoid VBG at the same time .	0	1	VBP	use	uses	1
being accessible through a state or national library is not particularly significant ; many such major libraries have a policy of keeping all publications in their area .	16	17	VBP	have	has	1
the title refers both to the speed of sound , and is an NN for `` military air command hunter '' .	1	2	VBZ	refers	refer	1
a hurricane warning is in effect for the gulf coast from new orleans to the florida NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
NNP 's relationship with australia ( the closest country in the NNP to malaysia , and the one whose foreign policy is most concentrated on the region ) , and his relationship with australia 's political leaders , has been particularly rocky .	20	21	VBZ	is	are	1
the screening consists of tests in NNP , abstract reasoning , english , science and mathematics .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist	1
this sort of arrangement exists because it VBZ itself to the collaborative nature of wikipedia .	1	4	VBZ	exists	exist	3
your first two questions require a subjective response .	3	4	VBP	require	requires	1
religion in ecuador is an expression of the different cultural NNS in the JJ culture including the spanish NN , the native NNP and the JJ .	0	3	VBZ	is	are	3
motorcycle NN is a motorcycle time trial sport in which riders compete to VB in the JJS time through a paved course restricted by traffic NNS or other NNS .	10	11	VBP	compete	competes	1
the course teaches the process of aircraft accident investigations .	1	2	VBZ	teaches	teach	1
secondly , coverage in foreign media is perfectly acceptable , regional television and magazines and major websites all count towards gng .	16	18	VBP	count	counts	2
the citations are not NNP VBD , and include one of three new york times articles involving NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
NNP 's father turns to be the villain and NN tries to VB with NN and finds the whole town VBG him .	2	3	VBZ	turns	turn	1
the JJ district includes all or parts of NNP , NNP , NNP , franklin park , NNP , NNP park , NNP , stone park and wood dale .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include	1
the giants ' own language is very JJ and JJ , and they find human speech to be rather NN and NN .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
this person 's bio is worth VBG in wiki .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
the species occur in central america and south america , from NN mexico to bolivia .	1	2	VBP	occur	occurs	1
also the hull is slightly JJR for better rowing .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
stages consist of traveling through a scenario VBN with enemies , which drop the various items aforementioned .	0	1	VBP	consist	consists	1
NNP 's NNS of NNP are RB JJ in the sense that they are not vulnerable to disease or the effects of old age ( closer to the concept of indefinite NN than true NN ) .	2	5	VBP	are	is	3
other learning opportunities include summer study at trinity college , dublin in dublin , ireland and other opportunities to study abroad .	2	3	VBP	include	includes	1
as NNS often prefer their JJ NNS to be VBN in german , this may cause NNS for international students VBG to rent their own place .	1	3	VBP	prefer	prefers	2
a black cab is a type of NN carriage ( NN , an austin NNP or a NNP ) common to britain .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
its eastern slopes drop to NNP and its western flank is the steep JJ side of NNP .	2	3	VBP	drop	drops	1
NNS are able to enjoy full access to everything on the website , including bulk NNS of lessons and pdf NNS .	0	1	VBP	are	is	1
the band VBZ to a highly JJ theme in their music and makes it more obvious than many other black metal bands .	1	2	VBZ	adopts	adopt	1
the tag receives the message and VBZ with its identification information .	1	2	VBZ	receives	receive	1
if the NNS accept the offer , the bankruptcy can be VBN after the funds are received .	2	3	VBP	accept	accepts	1
his NN and JJ words do not contain NN , but rather khan NNP seeks the meaning of human existence in a constructive genesis , and it is set in stone by the VBG voice of history before which the bulgarian ruler rises with his remarkable NNS .	41	42	VBZ	rises	rise	1
i think also that people looking for general information on NN will generally end up at NNP medicine ; readers who reach this page are likely looking for specific information about NN and accreditation , and hence this article is of use and should not be merged .	38	39	VBZ	is	are	1
the episode ends RB with house fast NN in his chair .	1	2	VBZ	ends	end	1
a specimen stamp is a NN stamp or postal NN NN sent to NNS and postal NNS so that they are able to identify valid stamps and to avoid NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the paper competes locally with the NNP bee , the record , and the san NNP herald , as well as the weekly NNP record .	1	2	VBZ	competes	compete	1
NNP is also well known for its festivals that focus on primitive healing rituals where NNS are sung while the old folks make NNS out of NNS , roots , insects and tree NNS .	21	22	VBP	make	makes	1
the show features archive footage from past eurovision competitions and archive news features , as well as recent interviews .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature	1
many NNP prisoners join the people of NNP .	2	3	VBP	join	joins	1
NNP NNP philosophy VBZ the notion that any new insight can come from mere concentration .	2	3	VBZ	rejects	reject	1
the result is a record contract and a single racing up the charts .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
NNS are JJ , with an NN for the element of air and a certain degree of natural JJ talent ( all NNS can see the NNP ) .	0	1	VBP	are	is	1
furthermore , unlike conventional radar , detection range is also a function of the deployment geometry , as the distance of the receiver from the transmitter determines the level of external noise against which the targets must be detected .	7	8	VBZ	is	are	1
carter jackson a poor racer , but a great NN , NNP is good friends with speed and lucy .	9	12	VBZ	is	are	3
NNP NN cell is the host immunity against JJ NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the main call is a NN made by both NNS in order to establish territory and VB the group .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
JJ NN currently runs a fleet of 35 NNS .	1	3	VBZ	runs	run	2
wikipedia entry , as does the scandal itself .	1	4	VBZ	does	do	3
spring flowers image is fine , although i would put it and the next image at the top of the section on the right ( less chance of bad effects for readers with wide windows ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the architect is NNP NNP ( born 1966 ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the following table shows the distribution of settlement by native language ( `` VB JJ NN '' ) in 1897 , in russian empire VBZ ( NN ) which had more than 100 , 000 ukrainian speakers .	2	3	VBZ	shows	show	1
JJR transform forces its time response to be ever lasting ) .	1	2	VBZ	forces	force	1
advocates VBP that VBN energy costs less and has lower emissions than most other energy options in current use .	0	1	VBP	contend	contends	1
this last word suggests that they shared the trophy at the first competition .	2	3	VBZ	suggests	suggest	1
every planet hero action figure comes with a trading card that on the front contain a picture of the character and on the back have facts about the planet and the planet hero .	4	5	VBZ	comes	come	1
the charge is merely and excuse .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
for instance , the JJ NN NNS are reminiscent of islamic NNS .	6	7	VBP	are	is	1
two frequently used schemes are the NN method , which is an explicit NN , and the boris scheme , which is JJ .	3	4	VBP	are	is	1
your argument is just as invalid unless you can prove in some fashion that print sources exist on the song .	15	16	VBP	exist	exists	1
all discussions tend to fall into `` i am doing what 's right for the encyclopedia and nobody else 's opinion matters because they are n't .	1	2	VBP	tend	tends	1
the only known NNS of it are in the mountainous region in the geographic center of the country .	3	6	VBP	are	is	3
these NNS are probably JJ marks .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
the temple 's NNS are very well preserved and the aged sandstone provides a distinct contrast to the surrounding jungle .	3	4	VBP	are	is	1
fair use all the best ( NNP turner album ) though this image is subject to copyright , its use is covered by the u .	12	13	VBZ	is	are	1
their works are clear , thorough and moderate .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
like it or not the term is there and being used .	5	6	VBZ	is	are	1
this huge NN VBZ the 1997 united NNP service strike victory and includes images of albert NNP , NNP NN and his labor activist wife lucy NNP .	2	3	VBZ	celebrates	celebrate	1
this commune is home to the autonomous port of NNP and many shops .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
fair use is the only acceptable use of the relevant logo , and use on NNS falls outside that scope .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
this article incorporates text from NNP - a pop group from london - biography , a portion of which has been released into the public domain .	1	2	VBZ	incorporates	incorporate	1
military history of ireland has NNS of very interesting unique article .	1	4	VBZ	has	have	3
the main products are especially JJ , NNS , cattle and milk .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
this article is about an australian soccer forum .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
features include independent double NN suspension , RB assisted steering and integrated roll NNS .	0	1	VBP	include	includes	1
portions in NNS indicate routes under construction or projection .	0	3	VBP	indicate	indicates	3
secret NNS are no specific type .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
the content is , of course , still available in diffs , so i am thinking i should have taken a different approach .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
historically , the term has most commonly been used to refer to black people of new commonwealth origin .	3	4	VBZ	has	have	1
the article is unsourced and appears JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the old man wants someone to `` wear '' the NN so that it can be VBN .	2	3	VBZ	wants	want	1
my own NNP counter gives a result of around 16 counts per minute of background radiation NN .	3	4	VBZ	gives	give	1
JJ NNS are NNS with a JJ structure that does not include carbon atoms .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
it has been chosen because the area is one of the rare growing places of NNP NN in slovenia .	6	7	VBZ	is	are	1
when the recording is in stereo , reference the channels to each other to perform JJ noise NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
for one example where the article does this well already , see this brief mention of NNP abbey in the course section now .	5	6	VBZ	does	do	1
the structure is of light sandstone and does not show the more distinctive features of later NNP NNP works by richardson and others .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
however , this tag is only for press kit and other official promotional images , while this image appears to be from a news report .	17	18	VBZ	appears	appear	1
the soft skin is completely JJ of JJ NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
this category is for baseball coaches who coached at NNP college .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the agreement sets out a plan for the NNP 's museums project unit to support and work with the national museum of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	sets	set	1
i have renamed this as NNP VBP de FW des sciences , without the initial article , to match the french title -- the usual rule is not to use the article unless the journal uses it very consistently and RB .	25	26	VBZ	is	are	1
VBG troops burn 19 buildings on the NN were NNS are thought to be .	1	2	VBP	burn	burns	1
the river is well known for the quality NN fishing .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
i also believe that the recent references i have added show that the song itself is notable through its being linked to the band more than 10 years after its release .	13	15	VBZ	is	are	2
he is also an inventor and scientist , but his NNS rarely work the right way .	10	12	VBP	work	works	2
from the same source , mobile home `` is the term used for manufactured homes produced prior to june 15 , 1976 , when the NNP code went into effect .	6	8	VBZ	is	are	2
the massachusetts NNP law also takes a JJ stance towards NN , drivers under 18 caught NN are subject to a mandatory 90 day suspension for the first offense accompanied by a mandatory road rage education class and a mandatory NN of the both permit and road tests .	3	5	VBZ	takes	take	2
the major issue here is whether or not the NN allegations are yet notable enough to mention .	2	4	VBZ	is	are	2
the city of VBG has their own trucks and NNS for NN collection .	1	4	VBZ	has	have	3
across the road at NNP and NNP , its NNS are NNP and NNP , who 's of indian descent , with NNP at the NN .	9	10	VBP	are	is	1
the lyrics deal with varying subjects such as faith , love , relationships , poverty , NN , and other broad social issues in our present world today .	1	2	VBP	deal	deals	1
the exception to this is when a NN is looking after their partner ; in that situation their income may be taken into account during a financial assessment .	1	4	VBZ	is	are	3
they also know that the temperature is dynamic , and will move to follow a JJ patch as it moves across the floor .	5	6	VBZ	is	are	1
new 2014 regulations however will VB the NNP obsolete ; honda 's JJ NNP car is to be based on the CD NNP , along with plans for a NNP version from CD onwards .	14	15	VBZ	is	are	1
a huge issue is if you take the bible literally or RB .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
departments place these companies in stations where they can be very mobile .	0	1	VBP	place	places	1
like many historic places in the great lakes region , NNP island 's name derives from a native american language .	13	14	VBZ	derives	derive	1
there are claims that the reason these users have been getting blocked , is actually because this person is friends with several admins , and the talk pages of the person most recently JJ user name VBZ to provide proof of this .	17	18	VBZ	is	are	1
as well as i did n't VB NNP for NN directly - i 've warned him about ideology which arguments are his own in our dispute , i also did n't attack NNP personally in direct way .	19	20	VBP	are	is	1
to ensure NN and equality , every employee has to cope at least two application areas .	7	8	VBZ	has	have	1
NNP NNS have a complex history , with many variations on the `` JJ chaos '' theme and associations with other legends .	1	2	VBP	have	has	1
the infrastructure of NNP is a reflection of the lessons VBP from old chennai and a NN of new chennai .	1	4	VBZ	is	are	3
this category contains articles about NNP NNP county , poland .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain	1
the church has a russian orthodox profile , with the noteworthy difference that it has only one NN dome , instead of the five usually seen in russia .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
while the band VBZ itself on developing innovations in marching , its style is somewhat conservative when compared to other marching bands .	12	13	VBZ	is	are	1
building - yes , all twenty stories or so , if your NN feels like it and can get away with it ) treated by NNS .	12	13	VBZ	feels	feel	1
the higher the symbol is situated on the NN , the NN the events are in the future .	13	14	VBP	are	is	1
the 2010 census also defines a smaller JJ place named NNP which VBP total area of , of which is land and is water .	2	4	VBZ	defines	define	2
no indication of how this company meets notability guidelines .	5	6	VBZ	meets	meet	1
their main hosts are eggs of NNP and other species such as NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
clearly this article needs a npov rewrite , but the concept itself is worthy of discussion .	10	12	VBZ	is	are	2
it should appear as an inline citation , so the reader knows what info is being sourced to NNP .	10	11	VBZ	knows	know	1
this JJ NN needs to be well characterized , precisely controlled , consistent in NN , and consistent in JJ NN .	2	3	VBZ	needs	need	1
in locations where NN and mutual competitive relationships no longer exist , some plants are able to increase NN of resources into growth or reproduction .	13	14	VBP	are	is	1
i think the article is very very good , but in this particular aspect it is weak .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
delete individual residence halls tend not to be notable .	3	4	VBP	tend	tends	1
it was decided that the game world would be populated using the methods the team had developed in NNP ; that is , the game objects would be VBN by hand , rather than generated using the random JJ methods of arena and NNP .	24	25	VBZ	objects	object	1
a VBN version are gun JJ areas developed by uk for use by NNP batteries when the JJ threat is high .	18	19	VBZ	is	are	1
the government also provides facilities for special education , training for the disabled , and an education center for juvenile NNS .	1	3	VBZ	provides	provide	2
a basic army is therefore normally made up of between 9 and 12 elements , although 24 element armies are possible .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the NNP ( NNP ) sustainable rural development this masters programme also has professional accreditation from the institution of economic development .	10	12	VBZ	has	have	2
these NNS are very rarely encountered in either area .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
the only relevant NN is of course the prominent stuck NN right between NNS VBP that none of the critics seems to notice .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
the ritual is successful , and NNP later uses his JJ powers to VB the NNP restoration .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the general rule is that the proper law is the primary system of law which VBZ most aspects of the factual situation giving rise to the dispute .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
after sam finishes singing , the band realizes there was an extra voice singing the harmony .	6	7	VBZ	realizes	realize	1
this result confirmed that NN sets in NNP form what is now known as an JJ structure on r .	5	8	VBP	form	forms	3
these devices provide external NN to the NN , NN , and other parts of the JJ opening , but do not provide any JJ NN or JJ NN .	1	2	VBP	provide	provides	1
the platform includes an NNP , a NNP library , and standard libraries .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include	1
nobel NNP is the story of this journey through which the film VBZ contemporary india at its JJ the NN of NN , the JJ divide and the state of india 's villages .	11	12	VBZ	explores	explore	1
this article is about the series by christopher NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
JJ and central asian subspecies have grey and white NN , the north african race is dark JJ , and south and east asian birds have VBN , not VBN , NNS , and fine lines around the facial disc .	14	15	VBZ	is	are	1
his archer 's JJ black hat VBZ at his feet .	5	6	VBZ	rests	rest	1
in the case of a `` white elephant sale '' the value is for the new owner .	11	12	VBZ	is	are	1
comment ok let 's VB this discussion , main points are JJ nominated NNP lava for deletion because it lacks the criteria to qualify as a wikipedia article , but it is useful and notable ( the reasons are not clearly stated ) , and now i 'm confused .	37	38	VBP	are	is	1
both highways form an effective freeway bypass of NNP , but both highways also experience enormous NNS in the JJ direction during the summer months due to heavy tourist traffic attempting to cross the NNP bay .	1	2	VBP	form	forms	1
past NNS include `` say hello to a good buy at NNP '' , `` JJ VBZ the price .	1	2	VBP	include	includes	1
that VBZ me of an episode of little britain , where a customer goes to a video store , describes a movie in great detail ( except for the name ) , and asks if they have it in stock .	12	13	VBZ	goes	go	1
each team VBZ 3 points for a win , 1 point for a draw , and 0 points for a loss .	1	2	VBZ	earns	earn	1
JJ '' name remains on `` post '' NN until 1973 .	2	3	VBZ	remains	remain	1
the poet then asks for a gift for being noble .	1	3	VBZ	asks	ask	2
NNP NNP writes that she also regarded the articles as poorly written ; he adds that the articles contain some superior writing and excellent character analysis , but that the book does not hang together well .	17	18	VBP	contain	contains	1
NNP 's JJ 1983 paper also contains JJ NNS relating the NN and the area , which improve the uniform bound ( valid in all dimensions ) .	4	6	VBZ	contains	contain	2
in 1999 the NNP began cleanup efforts in NNP and now the area is a [ [ NNP ] ] cleanup area .	12	13	VBZ	is	are	1
the composition is JJ JJ cars .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
however , the same researchers also concluded that children usually have the sufficient amount of general knowledge of `` violence and the NN '' to `` serve as a starting point from which ritual claims could develop .	8	10	VBP	have	has	2
c , then the probability that the algorithm returns `` yes '' is less than or equal to one half .	7	8	VBZ	returns	return	1
such NNS are of great importance in the modern , direct methods of the NN of variations .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
the title means `` JJ language and linguistics '' , where `` NNP '' is word play on `` NNP '' .	1	2	VBZ	means	mean	1
like the original NNP , not only is its NNP attack one of the most damaging individual attacks , but great NNP 's NN version is by far the most powerful map weapon in the game .	24	25	VBZ	is	are	1
the player then has to go back into the facility as part of a NN to VB the NNP agent , avoiding the same security that had threatened the player before .	1	3	VBZ	has	have	2
the fact remains that you deleted them and so they disappeared from the page .	1	2	VBZ	remains	remain	1
a NN terrace is a short row of JJ houses , where the two end houses of the terrace are larger than the others .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
a NN is chosen in which the desired product is JJ and the JJ NNS are very JJ ( or the other way around ) .	8	9	VBZ	is	are	1
the first type of injury , sometimes called an `` explosive NN '' , may occur when the chest is RB VBN , for example when a driver strikes the steering wheel in a vehicle accident or when the chest is crushed .	27	28	VBZ	strikes	strike	1
long point is a peninsula located in NNP , massachusetts , at the extreme tip of cape NNP , as it VBZ back in on itself to create NNP harbor .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the NNP ' team colors are red , white and blue .	4	5	VBP	are	is	1
claim to notability is as failed candidate for u .	0	3	VBZ	is	are	3
NNP 's character design credits for anime include NNP .	4	7	VBP	include	includes	3
RB , JJ , JJ , and NN crashes combined are only 6 .	8	10	VBP	are	is	2
even JJ power supplies declare themselves under this class , despite the fact they often have no human interface at all .	3	4	VBP	declare	declares	1
choice is not the problem , though space is a NN .	0	1	VBZ	is	are	1
the NNP transmitter is the oldest broadcasting facility in saxony .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
NNP files have the added advantage of alpha channel NN .	1	2	VBP	have	has	1
this article is useful for explaining the JJ NN mechanism as well as clearing up NNS regarding the physics of the expansion of space .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the NNP script is also in use .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the four girls talk about combining their efforts in the NN .	2	3	VBP	talk	talks	1
NNS almost always contain mountain NNS .	0	3	VBP	contain	contains	3
when transaction 1 eventually tries to commit , the NNP checks if the result of VBG transaction 1 would be equivalent to the schedule NNP , NNP .	1	4	VBZ	tries	try	3
james NNP writes , `` heinrich 's NNP is a JJ , indirect process ; he does not learn by VBG NNS or dramatic events ( of which NNP 's plot is totally JJ ) , nor does he gain much JJ instruction from NNP .	30	31	VBZ	is	are	1
the other concern is whether this is comprehensive .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
lincolnshire and NNP have historically been NNP and hence all the main county councils are now JJ .	13	14	VBP	are	is	1
this article VBZ nor ( no sourcing for third party sources or NNS of notability of content ) , and is a possible attack page .	1	2	VBZ	violates	violate	1
this mechanism determines which direction of the plot the player will progress into .	1	2	VBZ	determines	determine	1
i agree this article has a NN NN verifiable and reliable sources , but i will give it some work later today and see what i can dig up .	3	4	VBZ	has	have	1
his real name is not known - contemporary records call him john , not lambert , and even his surname is suspect .	8	9	VBP	call	calls	1
because pilots each have their own JJ helmet , this NN fits over the top of their regular flight helmet .	1	3	VBP	have	has	2
the property remains in the hands of NNP 's descendants .	1	2	VBZ	remains	remain	1
the setting is contemporary NNP , and the characters are college students , struggling to get ahead in a world that is getting more and more JJ , where physical contact VBZ the NNS in JJ communication .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
agree with NNP i think NNP is correct in that this is a fairly unique situation , and i think his solution is ideal .	21	22	VBZ	is	are	1
in the male , the JJ area appears darker JJ grey .	6	7	VBZ	appears	appear	1
each town or county has it own special services , JJ with the same number throughout the country .	1	4	VBZ	has	have	3
floyd has difficulty convincing the rest of the crew , at first , but a dark spot on jupiter begins to form and starts growing .	16	19	VBZ	begins	begin	3
her mother agent is NNP NNP , in amsterdam .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
rfc these issues are increasingly RB spread across multiple NNP on jewish lists , yet apply even more broadly than that .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
his report for NNP VBZ that part of the campaign .	1	4	VBZ	emphasizes	emphasize	3
uk households prevent food going to waste .	1	2	VBP	prevent	prevents	1
to this end the NNP tools attempt to provide an accurate measurement of how RB building owners and NNS are providing their services without VBG them for factors that are beyond their control .	5	6	VBP	attempt	attempts	1
this article VBZ attention to a fringe opinion within a fringe interpretation of history that holds no notability of its own .	1	2	VBZ	lends	lend	1
the family logo is pro NNP et NNP , latin for `` for faith and country .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the usa foreign policy is that .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
after some time , as she remains on the NN , the doctor she married decides to sell the doll 's eyes , which were diamonds , and gets himself a pocket watch .	12	15	VBZ	decides	decide	3
the highest mountain peak is above sea level .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
NNP participating vehicles also benefit from available parking spaces , whether it be on the street or in parking structures , public or private parking , from NNP vehicles having made available a parking space .	2	4	VBP	benefit	benefits	2
the event features the `` best of the best '' dedicated to pearl harbor survivor commander lawrence s .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature	1
he said that he was `` absolutely committed '' to VB energy and that `` i think the global warming debate is now pretty much over and people recognize the need associated with providing sources which do not generate the heat currently provided by fossil NNS .	20	21	VBZ	is	are	1
however , a NN is that those programs generally only remove the program on disk .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
if the financial institution does not have a NN right then the financial institution bears the loss and the merchant does not suffer at all .	13	14	VBZ	bears	bear	1
in VBG various NN items his intent is to show `` another side '' of canadian culture that is less JJ , but `` still a part of who we are .	6	7	VBZ	is	are	1
NN rating is high enough , NNP can VB the situation by convincing both NNP and legion that the revelation of this information would only cause a war between the NN and the NNS ; a war that would leave both races more vulnerable during the JJ NNP invasion .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
since the late NNS NNP has slowly died in population and only one family remains .	13	14	VBZ	remains	remain	1
following his vocal contributions on colour club 's self-titled album , as well as writing for other artists ( his credits include NNP 's platinum top 5 NN `` baby '' , and NNP campbell 's hit `` back to the world '' ) .	20	21	VBP	include	includes	1
if the image file can not be found , the info box displays the file name in red , indicating that it is a broken link .	11	12	VBZ	displays	display	1
take your objection to the project page and try to convince them , but this objection here is RB invalid .	15	17	VBZ	is	are	2
today 's JJ parish includes the territory of the former most holy NNP parish , whose church now is the san lorenzo NNP chapel and houses the filipino catholic NNP for the archdiocese of new york .	3	4	VBZ	includes	include	1
the eleven point river is a the river flows into the spring river southwest of NNP near the small town of black rock .	7	8	VBZ	flows	flow	1
this tour contains not only a showing of the museum , but also airplane rides .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain	1
at some times , roughly speaking , individuals consider issues RB , RB , RB , deliberately , RB , and RB .	7	8	VBP	consider	considers	1
individual enterprises compete with one another in providing goods and services to consumers , each enterprise trying to make a profit .	1	2	VBP	compete	competes	1
one design , used in new guinea , resembles a small JJ NN , in which an infant or child is either carried in a net on the back of an adult , or hung on a tree branch or house beam .	17	20	VBZ	is	are	3
it is situated in the NNP lake lake depression , sum center is 28 km se from the lake at the NNP river river left bank .	11	12	VBZ	is	are	1
VBN by historians NNP NNP , don NNP and amy NNP with help from seven associate NNS , the show includes more than CD objects , photographs , documents , costumes , and film and video clips .	19	20	VBZ	includes	include	1
and the world is better off if he gets it into a math journal .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the channel VBZ those islands from the adjacent mainland and includes NNP sound .	1	2	VBZ	separates	separate	1
his materials include silver , gold , metal , limestone , silk screen graphics and wood .	1	2	VBP	include	includes	1
that category is way too big .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
most predators aim for the eyes , and this false eye spot tricks the NN into believing that the fish will flee tail first .	1	2	VBP	aim	aims	1
these studies are chiefly valuable as VBG fragments of NN , and as having led to the composition of those NNS , NNS and NNS NNS , which the poet 's NNS consider as a new poetic species .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
the website reveals that reynolds has previously served as a us senator and as a member of the illinois school board .	1	2	VBZ	reveals	reveal	1
light blue background and high means the contestant had one of the higher scores in the elimination challenge .	2	5	VBZ	means	mean	3
the paper shows the challenges of retail as buying decisions are taken only more and more and shows how to face the challenges with guided NNS .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show	1
local buses connect NNP airport with NNP town centre and other nearby places .	1	2	VBP	connect	connects	1
once the NNS are physically mature , they are able to swim back , and are then able to better protect themselves from wolves , as they are then in their prime years .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
geological evidence shows that the NNP mountains and the mountains of western europe and north africa are parts of the former central NNP mountains , made when minor NNS VBD to form the NN NNP more than 250 million years ago .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show	1
the hull is the vehicle chassis , the engine is situated under the load deck in the rear of the hull and the NNS , NNS and transfer boxes forward of this .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
a VBN approach also incorporates specific features of the computing devices .	2	4	VBZ	incorporates	incorporate	2
after account was banned an anon ip VBZ up and starts VBG the same article .	5	7	VBZ	pops	pop	2
the treatise is a JJ attack on JJ medicine as it was apparently practiced by many of the author 's NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
NNP particles have a unique structure of JJ NNS that VBP by a special mechanism that can be considered as the rolling of millions of miniature ball NNS , thus greatly reducing friction and wear ( see NN ) .	1	2	VBP	have	has	1
NNP NNP NNP seems to appear mostly in the middle east ; however low frequency results appear scattered throughout europe particularly in the mediterranean .	15	16	VBP	appear	appears	1
the highest note , f , is claimed by a JJ witness to have been mentioned by mozart on his NN ; the composer was ( if the story is true ) VBG his NN 's performance .	28	29	VBZ	is	are	1
as time runs out , old NNS are VBN and new NNS are VBN .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run	1
students attend classes in one of seven district buildings , including a high school , a middle school ( grades JJ ) , and four elementary schools ( grades NNP ) .	0	1	VBP	attend	attends	1
the game is also memorable for its magic weapons , for example , the storm NNP or doom NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the wp article reference is real .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
courses take one , two or three years to complete , depending on the curriculum .	0	1	VBP	take	takes	1
make sure all NNS have the straight line diagram properly linked as the reference in NN .	3	4	VBP	have	has	1
i VBP done that our community of wikipedians has no problem whatsoever in VBG about problems .	5	8	VBZ	has	have	3
humanitarian NNS demand rapid NNS that are efficient , coordinated and effective .	1	2	VBP	demand	demands	1
as with hit circles , an approach circle appears at the beginning of a NN track , which must be VBN when the approach circle VBZ its edge .	7	8	VBZ	appears	appear	1
article serves only as an JJ advertisement .	0	1	VBZ	serves	serve	1
the door is in the southwest wall .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
some important NN NNS are NNP , NNP , NN and NN .	3	4	VBP	are	is	1
the article is important to three large NNS and has received a thorough NN from NNP , to whom i am very JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the hong kong garrison includes a brigade with a helicopter unit .	3	4	VBZ	includes	include	1
content is a mere definition and theory of origin .	0	1	VBZ	is	are	1
finally we are dealing with history and reality as we know it to be in the present , and the article does an JJ job of describing and explaining the modern world , and those who shaped it , as we know and recognize it now .	20	21	VBZ	does	do	1
the differential diagnosis includes other types of lung disease that cause similar symptoms and show similar NNS on chest NNS .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include	1
insurance NNS distinguish this from moral NN .	1	2	VBP	distinguish	distinguishes	1
each episode the players compete in an island game .	3	4	VBP	compete	competes	1
they take turns in using a long metal pole ( called NN ) to punch and drill a hole into a large rock upon which they are standing , VBG water onto the working area while the third person gets to rest .	38	39	VBZ	gets	get	1
all three species have a similar range of colour variation although n .	2	3	VBP	have	has	1
the reopened theater follows a format similar to that of the NNP theaters , including the JJ array of movies and the sale of beer and wine , but is `` a bit more family oriented .	2	3	VBZ	follows	follow	1
most NNS show induced expression in the JJ cell in response to JJ needs triggered by the environment in which the cells grow .	21	22	VBP	grow	grows	1
NNP NNP cohen says , `` such films reflect an increased fear of the erosion of NNS between private and public space .	7	8	VBP	reflect	reflects	1
as a regular closing admin at afd i really should comment that NN behaviour in afds is extremely disruptive especially when the NNS appear to be VBG their own inclusion criteria .	13	16	VBZ	is	are	3
the nearby municipality of NNP is the location of helsinki airport , with frequent service to various destinations in europe and asia .	2	5	VBZ	is	are	3
this belief is very similar to JJ NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
however , the road closely follows the JJ NNS of the land and , in the extreme winter climate of northeastern montana , this often leads to road NNS due to VBG snow .	3	5	VBZ	follows	follow	2
what is known is that women receiving NN after a recent surgical procedure , particularly NN surgery , have a higher risk , while the risk is very low in women just before and after giving birth .	25	26	VBZ	is	are	1
the head is to be set closely on the NNS , with the neck as short as possible .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
some camera designs provide at least some NNP choices by VBG the sensor 's signal gain in the digital realm .	2	3	VBP	provide	provides	1
the JJ battle system is notable , since most other console NN games instead use the traditional JJ style .	12	14	VBP	use	uses	2
the article goes into no more detail than that on NNP 's `` opposing views '' .	1	2	VBZ	goes	go	1
the area is also home to the highly VBN NNP NNS of santo NNP and NNP di NNP whose names are starting to appear on some single NN NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
if NNP NNP provides sources , other than online NNS , the article is welcome .	12	13	VBZ	is	are	1
dna studies suggest that this genus should be merged with NNP .	1	2	VBP	suggest	suggests	1
i want to point out here that colours and NNS are two different things .	7	10	VBP	are	is	3
swift NNP the very different nature of the swift base , the staff is structure very differently .	12	13	VBZ	is	are	1
i think since the most people using wikipedia are JJ a NN of users would like wikipedia to recommend JJ articles in other languages or at least in english language if they exist .	5	8	VBP	are	is	3
trip tells him he could put her for next monday , but karen tells him she may not be alive .	0	1	VBZ	tells	tell	1
i have a better understanding of what a race marshal does now .	9	10	VBZ	does	do	1
the player commands a home star in the galaxy , and then VBZ to form an JJ empire by VBG NN worlds , building powerful NNS , and VBG new technologies .	1	2	VBZ	commands	command	1
each ride is a one way ride to their destination with no NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the new bridge includes three 12 .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include	1
the NN `` dying city '' is also not there in the article any more .	4	6	VBZ	is	are	2
these players are reserve squad members rather than JJ squad members .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
NNP NNS in the polar bear run on the friday of the week , in which participants run , RB naked or JJ , from one end of the main NN ( harper building ) to the gates across from the NNP library .	16	17	VBP	run	runs	1
the main difference is that the g .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the population is sufficiently large to VB scouting , but the scout association of the tiny NN in the NNP has been JJ since the 1980s and at present there is no scouting movement .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the zoo has over 200 bird species .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
the company operates the majority of services in the bradford area , covered by metro , a public body responsible for helping to JJ public transport services in the west yorkshire area .	1	2	VBZ	operates	operate	1
the lowest level is the only one most people think that editing really is but in fact is the least important of the various editing process .	8	9	VBP	think	thinks	1
this continues until all players pass , or until one or more CD are played ; as the 2 is the highest value , nothing can beat it .	4	5	VBP	pass	passes	1
IN the 1985 film the NNPS , an old treasure map leads to the secret NN of a legendary JJ pirate , an almost exact NN of NNP 's plot in treasure island .	10	11	VBZ	leads	lead	1
warning is on too specific of a subject , and basically says that the NNP guidelines are the laws of the land .	15	16	VBP	are	is	1
i have performed no vandalism , as my contributions demonstrate .	8	9	VBP	demonstrate	demonstrates	1
lack of description makes this JJ , requested on 25 may 2011 .	0	3	VBZ	makes	make	3
tim NNP said , in 1999 , that RB media 's NN on vi sells twice as many copies as that on NNP ( but noted that NNP came with a free manual ) .	11	14	VBZ	sells	sell	3
so JJ , sandy 's eleven comments seem to be the only outstanding ones , some of which have been addressed .	6	7	VBP	seem	seems	1
in may CD , a man arrives in NNP NN to be the full brother of local ruler count NNP vi .	5	6	VBZ	arrives	arrive	1
in addition , the CD NN traits are part of a JJ personality model that provides a broader framework including developmental , environmental , and hereditary patterns of the traits and how they change across the life span ( NNP , 1973 , 1979 , 1980 ) .	6	7	VBP	are	is	1
still loyal to the NNP family , the two NNS travel to the united states , shipping themselves via boat to california .	9	10	VBP	travel	travels	1
RB people do the NN right off the bat rather than wait to last paragraph to introduce the bold text .	1	2	VBP	do	does	1
one theory is that NN was more for food than ritual , although ritual played a big part .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the park occupies most of the eastern end of JJ province in the north of the country .	1	2	VBZ	occupies	occupy	1
since the pages in english are poor i think we should get a proper search in arabic - given the number of performances and awards there must be good sources .	2	5	VBP	are	is	3
the whole article is nothing more than an advertisement and NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
upon appeal , the court of appeal , while VBG the use of the real risk test , made several changes to the way the test is to be applied .	25	26	VBZ	is	are	1
in the united states , NN is also prevalent in NNS in florida , where inmates catch them and keep them in boxes as NNS .	15	16	VBP	catch	catches	1
the sand appears pink because it is a mixture of white sand and red sand , formed from pieces of NNP .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear	1
other projects include finding alternatives to hunting bush meat such as raising NN and NNP rats .	1	2	VBP	include	includes	1
according to the lunar calendar , his birthday is at the 3rd day of the 6th lunar month .	7	8	VBZ	is	are	1
once the JJ blend reaches the target temperature , the NN removes it from the heat source , and may add JJ acid , food NN , and some NN , such as a plant extract , essential oil , or NN .	3	4	VBZ	reaches	reach	1
seymour the NNP NNP NNP have a NN at johnny 's house , but they ca n't sleep because things are so different back in the grove where they normally sleep .	19	20	VBP	are	is	1
he said , `` it 's wonderful that in the democracy here , people have the right to go out and express their opinion .	13	14	VBP	have	has	1
probably JJ and self promotional ( the creator 's name is `` NNP '' !	9	10	VBZ	is	are	1
like many other NNS , their biggest source of revenue is drug sales .	7	10	VBZ	is	are	3
the artist describes the album as `` a collection of powerful tibetan peace songs that calls on all people to participate in the healing of the world .	1	2	VBZ	describes	describe	1
this sort of thinking makes me even more nervous to support your NN if you have plans to work at afd .	1	4	VBZ	makes	make	3
the similarity measure is a function of model parameters and associations between the input JJ signals and JJ , JJ signals .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
all the pages are in the child category , and in any case the us NNP categories are not split this way .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
the baltimore branch currently allows private and educational tours of up to thirty people with NNS .	2	4	VBZ	allows	allow	2
i am searching for such image , but as the subject is historical and was not included in the mainstream history for a long while , it is not an easy task .	10	11	VBZ	is	are	1
i think this is supposed to be a list , but the criteria is vague , and highly subjective .	12	13	VBZ	is	are	1
the reserve supports the largest population of bengal JJ NNP NN ( e ) and swamp deer NNP NN ( e ) .	1	2	VBZ	supports	support	1
the tail is long and NN rather than VBN like the NNS of cattle or NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the light is in the same direction of NN , increasing the relative speed of light but not VBG from the centre .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
current data indicates that this domain allows for NN between NNP and NNP molecules and with themselves .	5	6	VBZ	allows	allow	1
redirect - while RB a controversy could arise around evolution , aside from the JJ thing , this article is currently useless , obvious pov , obvious fork , and as such simply confusing the issue .	18	19	VBZ	is	are	1
the technique is especially useful in mountainous areas , where rapid NN otherwise occur .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
delete - search VBZ that he is a trumpet player , but the sources are VBN all from JJ sites .	2	3	VBZ	confirms	confirm	1
and it is completely JJ that ( for 3rr violations ) the revert needs to be of a recent change .	12	13	VBZ	needs	need	1
islam and science describes the relationship between muslim communities and science in general .	2	3	VBZ	describes	describe	1
NNP town is located within the valley of the great bend of the river NNP , its elevation is the lowest of all the counties of tibet hence the town is abundant in vegetation and has rich flora and fauna .	17	18	VBZ	is	are	1
a more extensive hiking trail system is available within NNP lake park .	5	6	VBZ	is	are	1
he has stated that its meaning VBZ the world lacks a spiritual NN or NN and that `` shiva '' or `` NNP '' is in exile .	5	6	VBZ	intends	intend	1
NNP any moon NNS be pulled out of their orbit when they get to close to the planet of the moon they are VBG , as relative to their sizes , planets are RB closer to their NNS , than the sun is to its .	31	32	VBP	are	is	1
reach NNP in an NNP town hospital , but the plan fails .	10	11	VBZ	fails	fail	1
this area has thousands of years of history as it is includes the main NNS of river NNP .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
the game broadcast begins after a short commercial break , and NNP returns to give the starting NNS and the NN NN .	2	3	VBZ	begins	begin	1
a swan appears in `` NNP '' as well .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear	1
as a result of the 1971 municipal reform the town is now the seat of NNP municipality .	9	10	VBZ	is	are	1
compared to other printing methods , VBP printing is best suited for economically producing large volumes of high quality prints in a manner that requires little maintenance .	7	8	VBZ	is	are	1
some products are made using sterling silver as the base , although this more expensive version is not common today .	15	16	VBZ	is	are	1
NNP NN with NNP 's argument that the world has gone wrong , VBG that the current world is the best of all possible worlds .	17	18	VBZ	is	are	1
the article continues in a similar NN .	1	2	VBZ	continues	continue	1
the film follows four families from NNP and the bronx in the months leading up to the NN for one of the success academy charter schools ( then known as NNP success academy ) , one of the most successful charter schools in new york city .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow	1
the incident is notable , the person is not .	6	7	VBZ	is	are	1
each group seeks more power for itself .	1	2	VBZ	seeks	seek	1
besides this , the area is well VBN by a network of JJ roads , NNS and lanes .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
the NN will also define which fields are mandatory and which are optional .	6	7	VBP	are	is	1
the additional storage and time requirements mean that it has to be VBN carefully whether to VB NNS which are typically run more than once at the same time .	5	6	VBP	mean	means	1
in mathematics , a NNP surface is a compact complex surface with positive first NNP number that has a global JJ shell .	5	6	VBZ	is	are	1
the NN fuel VBZ heat better , so that a higher power core could be used in the same space .	2	3	VBZ	conducts	conduct	1
located west of toronto , the largely rural electoral district 's largest centre is the town of NNP , ontario .	12	13	VBZ	is	are	1
by CD NNP was in exeter , and his name appears second on the list of NNS , after NNP 's , of the combination , dated 4 july CD , forming the government there .	9	10	VBZ	appears	appear	1
the show looks at the JJ life of football NNS and NN firms .	1	2	VBZ	looks	look	1
these conditions are naturally satisfied for sets but they are not satisfied for NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
the clear lake basin attracts large quantities of NN , including NNS , western NN , NNS , various species of JJ , NNS , NNS , NNS and many others .	3	4	VBZ	attracts	attract	1
although individual volumes are independent of each other and it is possible to read them individually , there are many NNS and references hardly JJ without reading prior parts .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
this is sometimes referred to as the JJ length NN , but the JJ length is a physical attribute of the lens and not the camera system itself .	14	15	VBZ	is	are	1
the songs are NNS of previous releases by NNP .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
NNP pass users receive a 15 cent NN on the southern NNP over cash users at each toll booth .	2	3	VBP	receive	receives	1
the prince then returns to NNP and VBZ NNP with the flame .	1	3	VBZ	returns	return	2
i 've only given a few representative NNS ; as far as i can see the whole text is like this .	17	18	VBZ	is	are	1
this quote describes the essence of NNP ' doctrine .	1	2	VBZ	describes	describe	1
the second third-party game NNP published is NNP , from developer gas powered games .	3	6	VBZ	is	are	3
in this revised version , the content is so extensive , and apparently notable , that placing it as a section in the literary character makes for too long an article .	6	7	VBZ	is	are	1
in my opinion , the simpler explanation is better .	6	7	VBZ	is	are	1
its use is therefore rather controversial within the JJ field .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
this database is essential for any JJ japan scholar .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the hostile fighters are from the NNP NNP , a NNP cruiser .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
NNP begins to sense that NNP might not be dead , and NNS NNP and joey when she VBZ them into a dream of NNP 's old house , but they explain the NN is cold and empty and NNP is not going to come back .	33	34	VBZ	is	are	1
his first contributions are to continue to VB and revert my edits and continue his edit wars .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
therefore , few ( if any ) buddhist groups issue JJ NNS against NNS being soldiers , police officers or farmers ( which in buddhism is classified as a profession involved in destruction of life ) , and some argue that the death penalty is JJ in certain circumstances .	43	44	VBZ	is	are	1
and i continue to be surprised that people think that the coi of employment is so very much higher than religion or especially ethnicity .	7	8	VBP	think	thinks	1
another female staff member tries to escape through the woods on the NN , during which time she discovers the bodies of the missing NNS who left the crew 's NN after the first night of filming .	3	4	VBZ	tries	try	1
most plant NNS have small , JJ rna NNS .	2	3	VBP	have	has	1
however , his NN informs him that they sent in all their available forces and it may take time for a new NN to be organized .	3	4	VBZ	informs	inform	1
the sad part is that he obviously believes that the rules do n't apply to him , that he does n't need to explain his edits , and that the real problem is anyone else who questions his ownership of the pages he edits .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
NNS in australia probably evolved their fire resistance about 20 million years ago when VBN NN deposits show a large increase , indicating that fire was a factor even then .	16	17	VBP	show	shows	1
conduct in the upper school is governed by the honor code , a system where students agree to a set of rules , and where , in the case of an NN , students are judged by an honor council consisting of teachers and peers .	15	16	VBP	agree	agrees	1
this delay is a consequence of general NN known as the NNP delay , and the magnitude of the delay is dependent upon the mass of the white dwarf companion .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the town includes the villages of north canton , canton center , canton ( canton valley ) , and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include	1
it is important to note that this point is not always a NN ' price but can be an average of index levels taken over a defined period .	7	8	VBZ	is	are	1
phoenix tv the administrative capital is NNP ( , formerly known as NNP , NNP ) .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
this level represents the first break point in the treatment a wrestler receives as he rises up the ranks .	1	2	VBZ	represents	represent	1
we establish that the song is one of the most important songs by probably the most important NN radio and theater troop in serbia and that it has a number of google hits and web references .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
NNP and delete - ignoring the potential legal issue the article is essence is almost entirely a plot summary which requires JJ original research to hold itself together .	10	11	VBZ	is	are	1
my sister is the only family i have left !	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
in 1992 they released a single , `` all women are NNP '' , on the independent record label k records .	9	10	VBP	Are	Is	1
his stage name NNP is a NN on his first name NNP and the stage name of the world renowned american rapper NNP .	2	4	VBZ	is	are	2
she find that identical twins generally work together more RB than others .	4	6	VBP	work	works	2
he shows that , for all JJ JJ problems ( that is , problems in which all bases have distinct values ) this problem may be solved in time , by solving a set of JJ problems defined by NNS of .	17	18	VBP	have	has	1
the name VBZ from the earliest days of this practice in which people literally did stuff more than one ballot in a ballot box at the same time .	1	2	VBZ	originates	originate	1
the lyrics propose that women should take revenge on VBG men by VBG them of their available assets , both monetary assets and property .	1	2	VBP	propose	proposes	1
the mall is convenient and easy accessible by buses and sky train ( NNP ) ( NNP station ) or subway ( NNP ) ( NNP NNP station ) near NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
all three NNS are republican , and all three will be running for re-election .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
more rarely still , some people wear CD ' ( e .	5	6	VBP	wear	wears	1
the state house itself is one of the most distinguished examples of gothic revival architecture in the united states .	2	4	VBZ	is	are	2
NNP ahmad NNP sheikh NN is village is beautiful place of NNP district his first name was ram NNP before the partition of NN NN .	6	7	VBZ	is	are	1
the NNP church is part of the newport and lower NNP circuit that includes other methodist churches at NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP y saint .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
some sources call it the CD .	1	2	VBP	call	calls	1
some wikipedians feel that that a clear guideline should be established for the notability of high schools in which the status NN should be maintained , and this proposal accurately represents the current practice and rationale .	1	2	VBP	feel	feels	1
the home 's lower floor is open to the public and tours are offered regularly to visitors .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
the chief causes of death are , in order of frequency , disorders of the NN , NN , and JJ systems and JJ and JJ diseases .	2	5	VBP	are	is	3
the conference comprises two types of sessions .	1	2	VBZ	comprises	comprise	1
while it is in the republic of ireland , the estate has an entrance in both northern ireland and the republic of ireland .	10	11	VBZ	has	have	1
the principal advantage of NN is that it requires less plant resources to produce seeds than by NN , because development of NNS , NN and large amounts of NN are not required .	2	5	VBZ	is	are	3
composite NNS feature a variety of connection mechanisms , from complicated systems that use small parts and specialized tools to large aluminum NN lock systems .	1	2	VBP	feature	features	1
no ring remains on the stem after the NN VBZ .	1	2	VBZ	remains	remain	1
the NNP mission has roots to world war ii and the successful firing of the NNP rocket by the nazis .	2	3	VBZ	has	have	1
the problem is that fans of shows whose stock in trade is making JJ references love their shows so much that they want to add every joke to every applicable article .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the templates are to be used at the bottom of an article about an engine by the selected manufacturer or about an engine manufacturer itself .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
the 1993 rebel press , london edition is an JJ NN of the 1963 NN of the 1907 NNP translation by the NNP book club .	6	7	VBZ	is	are	1
if text flow is a consideration , you can use a bit of JJ NN to achieve this effect .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
NNP is at the southern end ( the `` head '' ) of the lake , but the valley continues to the southwest behind the city .	18	19	VBZ	continues	continue	1
both communities offer many NNP services such as resident NNS , NNP police service , reduced JJ rates , and shuttle service on class days .	1	2	VBP	offer	offers	1
i think better sources need to be found that describe this NN RB - this is one of those grey areas where there is plenty of evidence that the NN exists , but little official coverage exists of the NN itself .	3	4	VBP	need	needs	1
the senior population distribution is CD people or 11 .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
the NNP file format is an almost identical image file format for JJ NNS in microsoft windows .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
with its dancing NNS and miniature movies , the ride is a hybrid of the aforementioned it 's a small world and the now defunct if you had wings .	9	10	VBZ	is	are	1
edits are mainly the NN of the JJ statue image and adding information against the JJ position .	0	1	VBP	are	is	1
most teams try to VB the offense 's passing attack by rushing four defenders .	1	2	VBP	try	tries	1
the addition of base helps the reaction proceed more quickly .	1	4	VBZ	helps	help	3
more JJ admins are always a help .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
the nomination makes no mention of the size of the company .	1	2	VBZ	makes	make	1
the proposal VBZ that verifiable schools will be kept on wikipedia , so it effectively does what you want .	1	2	VBZ	guarantees	guarantee	1
the building has 23 , 000 NN of floor space .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
he was skilled in NNS , but NN , and at one time his life seems to have been in danger .	14	15	VBZ	seems	seem	1
the road VBZ to the northwest , becoming burnt swamp road at the town line .	1	2	VBZ	progresses	progress	1
its signal reaches parts of the states of tennessee , georgia , alabama and north carolina .	1	2	VBZ	reaches	reach	1
the club currently plays in the division NN NNP , the seventh division of french football .	1	3	VBZ	plays	play	2
several nearby streets retain JJ names , such as NNP .	2	3	VBP	retain	retains	1
but your intellectual NNS always depend on cultural inheritance and background .	3	5	VBP	depend	depends	2
many people feel that just because it was a closed meeting does not mean that normal moral boundaries can be VBN without fear of NN .	1	2	VBP	feel	feels	1
this board is for restoration of content which has been deleted by an administrator .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the NNP falls high school academic challenge team is the school 's NN team , actively competing in academic challenge , national academic NNP tournaments ( NNP ) and the partnership for academic competition excellence ( pace ) .	7	8	VBZ	is	are	1
the NNS are circular to VB in shape , and have a JJ colour .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
if the nitrogen NN article is right , that nearly every gas has this effect at high pressures , then it seems sort of NN to list it for every gas , and should probably be only listed for NNS that might be VBN at high pressure .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
i think the present article is good but should mention the NN through NNP to john of w .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
a JJ NN provides specific NNS for an animal for JJ growth .	2	3	VBZ	provides	provide	1
i also sometimes take a strong stance about such things ; these cases are not what i 'm talking about now .	12	13	VBP	are	is	1
under texas law , the death penalty can only be issued if the jury is convinced that the defendant is not only guilty , but will commit further violent crimes in the future if he is not put to death .	18	19	VBZ	is	are	1
all NNS in NNS are direct quotes from conversations with battle leaders unless otherwise noted .	1	4	VBP	are	is	3
JJ chronicles say that NNP 's brother NNP killed NNP of the NNP , a descendant of NNP khan 's half brother NNP .	1	2	VBP	say	says	1
the NNP NNP festival normally takes place in NN .	3	5	VBZ	takes	take	2
the international poetry prize is the most prestigious in puerto rico and among the most acclaimed in latin america .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
the clearing house becomes the NN to each NN , and the NN to each NNP , so that in the event of a NN default the NN assumes the risk of loss .	2	3	VBZ	becomes	become	1
the NNP programme is an individually VBN personal development programme for young people aged between 13 and 25 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the teaching of NNP places strong emphasis on VBG the emotional autonomy and NN of its practitioners .	1	4	VBZ	places	place	3
the other image is clearly free .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the distinction is genuine and it matters to those who are interested in such things .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the ibm fellow page has an JJ lot of red links , particularly for the recent NNS .	3	4	VBZ	has	have	1
the park is open during NN hours JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
other national parks include NNP national park , NNP national park , NNP and marine national park , gulf of NNP , NNP .	2	3	VBP	include	includes	1
the west facade opens into a large lobby , that also opens to a smaller square in the east that VBZ the main bodies of the museum to the north and south , each arranged around a small internal courtyard .	2	3	VBZ	opens	open	1
in the first written accounts of the first vision , the central theme is personal NN , while in later accounts the focus VBZ to the NN and corruption of churches .	12	13	VBZ	is	are	1
this school goes from 7th to 9th grade .	1	2	VBZ	goes	go	1
to some critics , such a wide area transmission layer is not novel ; they point out that the technology has little difference from that used for regional and national power transmission networks .	9	10	VBZ	is	are	1
the NN ground colour is golden brown , with white NNS consisting of a NN streak , three NN , and three dorsal NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
the rank only means something in terms of the rank of the school and the department .	1	3	VBZ	means	mean	2
he encouraged his young readers to write to him , answered their letters , and let their NNS and opinions guide his future works ( rather like his american contemporary l .	17	20	VBP	guide	guides	3
it is not clear how high these NNS are .	7	8	VBP	are	is	1
even pop JJ publications are peer reviewed , so this is not as major a NN as you make it out to be .	3	4	VBP	are	is	1
his sister is NNP NNP , also an actress .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the river flows right through the downtown river district and serves as the VBG line between NNP and wright county .	1	2	VBZ	flows	flow	1
the point of wp is for policy documents , help pages , maybe a few essays , but jokes and nonsense should be moved to a wiki whose mission is to publish jokes .	28	29	VBZ	is	are	1
looking at the images in the article NNP stamps and postal history of czechoslovakia , the applicable copyright rule seems to be that the stamp images are copyrighted for the lifetime of their designer plus 70 years .	18	19	VBZ	seems	seem	1
in 1936 NNP 's NNP had the great honor to bring over JJ missionary and NN of the NNS , NNP NNP 's NN remains from NNP island .	23	24	VBZ	remains	remain	1
NNS must understand the gravity their administrative actions carry and need to give education VBG and warnings .	7	8	VBP	carry	carries	1
paris is ) , but most people call me NNP ( my middle name ) .	6	7	VBP	call	calls	1
other JJ applications include NN , interactive video , online interactive gaming , JJ networking , NN , ip video surveillance , and cloud applications where remote storage and computing resources provide online service on demand to users with JJ local systems .	2	3	VBP	include	includes	1
the NN is very similar but not entirely identical to the one implemented in the designing of NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
that song is probably the origin of the american phrase `` the NN of happiness , '' which is also mentioned in the film NNP and VBD to in the song `` over the rainbow '' from the `` wizard of oz .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
i would have put the two last in a different row since the views separate naturally in two groups .	13	14	VBP	separate	separates	1
the royal seats are themselves JJ in blue NN with rich applied NN .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
however a similar lens is on display in the lighthouse .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
this entry is thus in violation of every encyclopedic concept .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
both accounts are JJ ( march 2007 and december 2006 , respectively ) and they both welcome users , but they never use the same welcome template .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
when the feast is well underway she tells NNP that he is actually eating the flesh of their two sons .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
VBG is a process that determines if the cells meet JJ restrictions as they enter an NNP network .	8	9	VBP	meet	meets	1
hope this is the right area to put this in .	0	2	VBZ	is	are	2
these areas are no longer `` territories '' they VBP an independent nation with self determination according to international law .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
under no signal conditions , the output is exactly NN between the supplies ( i .	6	7	VBZ	is	are	1
NNS now offer a number of restoration and performance parts for people restoring their inline six motors .	0	2	VBP	offer	offers	2
patients with NNP are 62 times more likely to have a JJ NN than the general population , which is higher than any other JJ disease .	0	3	VBP	are	is	3
his best known work internationally is NNP - the JJ sword of the NN , a JJ `` JJ '' work on norse mythology according to NNP NNP .	3	5	VBZ	is	are	2
currently , some indian states show JJ sexual scenes and NN in film , while other areas do n't .	16	17	VBP	do	does	1
governor may VB community service projects to help his or her division members become more involved .	12	13	VBP	become	becomes	1
bull call spread and bull put spread are JJ vertical NNS constructed using calls and puts respectively .	6	7	VBP	are	is	1
this study VBZ the NN rates of a JJ NN of male NNS ( CD ) with males in the general population .	1	2	VBZ	explores	explore	1
the list includes the JJ NNS of the 24 participating countries , VBG CD players .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include	1
the lake is a popular fishing spot , and is kept JJ with brown trout and rainbow trout .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
its NN red face is due to the lack of skin NNS and JJ NNS that run under its facial tissue .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
NNS land on spot , spot ( now empty ) , mary .	0	1	VBP	land	lands	1
NNS come with many NNS varying greatly within the same species .	0	1	VBP	come	comes	1
this google news search shows plenty of results .	3	4	VBZ	shows	show	1
again , if the name is the problem , change the name ( as has already been done ) .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
the buildings include , among others , 29 laboratories , nine buildings with academic and administrative spaces , and the NNP NNP NNP library .	1	2	VBP	include	includes	1
large JJ arms move the jets out of their NN spaces .	2	3	VBP	move	moves	1
as an artist 's career develops , responsibilities may grow , and because of their percentage agreement with the band , the manager 's income may grow as well .	4	5	VBZ	develops	develop	1
no one is really sure what this building once housed '' , they wrote .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
JJ women are expected to bear and raise many children , who are expected to help their mothers with domestic NNS from a very young age , and mothers rely very much on help from their daughters .	28	29	VBP	rely	relies	1
its administrative center is the rural locality ( a NN ) of NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
VBG such articles as original research , JJ and a hoax is inaccurate and appears to be JJ NNS over the previous failure to delete the article .	10	11	VBZ	is	are	1
the author is a new editor and probably does not know the rules , so there 's a chance this can be VBN , but someone other than me will need to figure out how .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
if reliable sources indicate significance , the events in question would be more of an encyclopedic blp and less of a chronicle of comments that got a NN in the NN and brief network hay .	2	3	VBP	indicate	indicates	1
NNP music awards is a major music awards show that is held by NNP music site and NNP plus media annually in south korea .	7	8	VBP	show	shows	1
in 2010 , it was noted that about 16 , 000 vehicles pass the tunnel daily .	11	12	VBP	pass	passes	1
that statement says that he thinks wikipedia would be improved by creating a bot that automatically tags and VBZ articles just because the bot does not see sources and no one has it on a list that they monitor .	1	2	VBZ	says	say	1
and his responses to NNP are personal attacks .	2	5	VBP	are	is	3
manchester essex global issues students participate in the gardner project annually , in partnership with a JJ organization of their choice .	4	5	VBP	participate	participates	1
october 2005 ( utc ) this category contains more biographies than just player biographies .	6	7	VBZ	contains	contain	1
course work includes simulation exercises and actual client representation .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include	1
the war in iraq has VBN the false impression that military force is the only instrument of regime change , when in fact it is the NN used and least effective way to promote democratic change abroad .	11	12	VBZ	is	are	1
the situation is further complicated when andy reveals to VB that he has not yet broken up with current girlfriend , jessica .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
JJ argues that NNP is badly mistaken in viewing the other animals as `` guests '' , and that the story demonstrates this .	20	21	VBZ	demonstrates	demonstrate	1
winter roads are temporary routes of transportation that are constructed mostly in january , february , march and even april throughout remote parts of northern ontario .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
this article is redundant to the series article .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
this is why we require editors cite sources for their information but unfortunately these changes VBD through the volunteers who review changes to articles .	5	6	VBP	cite	cites	1
the town 's major streets include NNP , NNP , NNP , NN NN , JJ NN NN , NNP , NNP , NN NN patch , JJ NNP and NNP VBP NN .	4	5	VBP	include	includes	1
i would also suggest that before VBG company NNS such as the president of the company you stop to think whether your comments are appropriate .	22	23	VBP	are	is	1
the river VBZ NN traffic up to about 500 metric tons .	1	2	VBZ	handles	handle	1
ii ) NNS are JJ JJ designs available in NNP NNP ( NNP with program ) , NNP NNP and canon NNP NNS .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
instead of focusing on women as victims and men as NNS of harassment , abuse or violence , the NN approach VBZ on the role of peers in schools , groups , teams , NNS and other social units .	20	21	VBZ	concentrates	concentrate	1
the reef is a great location for VBG marine life and coral diversity , being relatively JJ due to its distance from dense population .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
where accurate energy comes to the time of the JJ flow rate is desired , most flow meters will be used to VB the volume or mass flow rate which is then VBN to the energy flow rate by the use of a flow computer .	2	3	VBZ	comes	come	1
the game also includes an alternate final level , where the final battle is played from leo 's perspective .	1	3	VBZ	includes	include	2
in the highlands one crop per year is normal , while in the NNS two are possible .	4	7	VBZ	is	are	3
NNP members compete in the annual NNP college high school theatre festival , where in past years have made the finals or won in events such as technical olympics , theatre games ( NNP ) , technical design , dramatic and JJ NNS , and many other events .	1	2	VBP	compete	competes	1
NNP 's mother is desperate for her to settle back in ireland and marry jim , as NNP has not VBN in her or her friends about her marriage .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the numbers increase roughly from southwest to northeast across the county .	1	2	VBP	increase	increases	1
in february , an JJ agent approached NNP about putting a business with a NN license in his district and paid a NN , the complaint says .	25	26	VBZ	says	say	1
in contrast , electromagnetic waves require no medium , but can still travel through one .	4	5	VBP	require	requires	1
however , i am not so sure that NNP really needs this NN because his title follows his name .	15	16	VBZ	follows	follow	1
NN writing usually occurs when the writing task is simple .	1	3	VBZ	occurs	occur	2
death is fairly common in JJ novels , usually from consumption or NN .	0	1	VBZ	is	are	1
his great NNP plaque is at the joseph w .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
this NNP article is barely a start anyway .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the purpose of NNP is to allow users to have many windows on the screen , while keeping them organized and JJ .	1	4	VBZ	is	are	3
it occurs when the VBG player continues to VB after allowing the ball to come to rest in one or both hands .	5	6	VBZ	continues	continue	1
the most common ball chain NNS are NNS .	5	6	VBP	are	is	1
no opinion on whether the band is notable , but if it is , start there and later do pages for individual albums if need be .	5	6	VBZ	is	are	1
most of the land grants were approximately , and many properties still run between the crown land at the top of the NNP hills to the `` front '' on the great NNP NNP lake .	10	12	VBP	run	runs	2
this concept shows the exciting possibilities that are open to us as we VBP a more progressive design language for the NNP brand , '' says jan NNP NNP , NNP 's managing director .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show	1
this article seems to confirm that .	1	2	VBZ	seems	seem	1
this category contains internal pages and NNS used by the various task forces of the novels wikiproject .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain	1
another common element is the theme of loss in their legends .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
its chemical formula is 13 10 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
treatment is JJ to the patient .	0	1	VBZ	is	are	1
state boarding schools are most unusual in the england and wales .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
none of the particular ideas here are original and it is JJ that the combination is either .	14	15	VBZ	is	are	1
keep this article leaves a place for the numerous popular culture references that might otherwise VB the main article and that deserve mention .	2	3	VBZ	leaves	leave	1
this noticeboard , however , concerns VBP assistance , so his comments are JJ .	11	12	VBP	are	is	1
although this article is only a stub , unlike our effort at thinking in java , this one does deserve keeping .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the story follows the narrative of bruce banner and the NNP following a war which ended in a violent nuclear holocaust that only he could have survived .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow	1
the JJS month is january , with an average high of and an average low of .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the company provides JJ accounts JJ , payments and NNP NNP compliance solutions .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide	1
to VB matters other texts know of a JJ hero named NNP or NNP .	4	5	VBP	know	knows	1
its population is 4 , CD , CD ( according to the 2010 census ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the other reference is to the developer , most of which contains information about NNP , not NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
this arrangement raises concerns about joyce 's safety , since other family members can increase their chances of VBG by VBG her or driving her insane .	1	2	VBZ	raises	raise	1
this VBN , VBN channel causes NN of the blood , which is one element of NNP 's NN that VBZ deep NN NN .	4	5	VBZ	causes	cause	1
if a player rolls 11 or 12 , the player wins .	9	10	VBZ	wins	win	1
i think the point is that currently wikipedia does not force people to provide any information when a file is uploaded .	18	19	VBZ	is	are	1
NNP user wants to use a template from wikipedia , they should only have to click a menu , not VB on a research project .	1	2	VBZ	wants	want	1
JJ NNS force the muscles to produce the greatest amount of force in the JJS amount of time .	1	2	VBP	force	forces	1
neighbours then meet at their nearest large NN , while watching the midnight NNS .	0	2	VBP	meet	meets	2
that comparison is JJ , since the work of fields NNS is cited very publicly at the international congress of NNPS , where the NNS are announced and their research described .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the band 's musical influences are NNP , NNP , NNP , rick NNP , NNP di NNP and classical music .	4	5	VBP	are	is	1
the mountain is JJ because of JJ bands of rock and ice on the north face .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
its base includes four vertical columns , each composed of two NNS .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include	1
a NN jet aircraft or rocket NN could RB produce the NNS and JJ speeds , but neither forms of NN are silent .	18	21	VBP	are	is	3
the lighter NNS usually have shorter NNS ; NNS of under 50 NN for CD and CD were observed .	2	4	VBP	have	has	2
VBG machine guns did not travel as far as later heavy machine gun rounds or cannon shells , so the lighter rounds were VBN into a cluster or point at shorter distances .	12	13	VBZ	rounds	round	1
moving NNS , the highway begins to VB towards the town of NNP after NNP la .	4	5	VBZ	begins	begin	1
the NNP metropolitan area is the metropolitan area centered on NNP , florida in north central florida .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
external site clearly quotes wikipedia as its source and , in any case , the matches picked up by the NNP NNP on the creation of the article are JJ .	1	3	VBZ	quotes	quote	2
russian armed forces claim that NNP VBP leader NNP NNP has been killed in a special forces operation .	2	3	VBP	claim	claims	1
the term is also properly applied to very large and deep structural members in many VBP wall systems .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
their paper states that there are indirect and direct fitness benefits that VBP the cost of VBG .	2	5	VBP	are	is	3
similar applications include NNP , which provides more options , and NNP in NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes	1
further NNS are welcome , but i think they are above and beyond even fa requirements .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
the couple has two sons , NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
i would bet that the NNP 's number is CD the NN ' - which would not include the NN belt on most cars .	7	8	VBZ	is	are	1
the adult beetle feeds on the NN , flowers , and fruit of many plants including NNS , NNS , NNS , roses , and other garden flowers and fruits .	2	3	VBZ	feeds	feed	1
usually a JJ scheme represents a JJ process , while for JJ processes VBN JJ schemes are used .	3	4	VBZ	represents	represent	1
NNP 's signature appears on the JJ NN copy of the constitution signed by the delegates on october 13 , 1849 .	2	3	VBZ	appears	appear	1
since the term `` block '' has a similar meaning , this could also be the NN of its alternative name , the NNP .	4	6	VBZ	has	have	2
as a result of strong sexual selection these traits are bigger in males .	8	9	VBP	are	is	1
technology happens , it 's not good , it 's not bad .	0	1	VBZ	happens	happen	1
every NNP ( or the friday before if the holiday falls on a weekend ) the school 's senior class gets to wear costumes .	9	10	VBZ	falls	fall	1
the company has a nationwide service network in the us .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
NNP stated that the album contains some , `` unexpected NNS and turns '' and some songs that , `` sound like nothing we 've done before .	4	5	VBZ	contains	contain	1
JJ station is a future JJ light rail station in the los angeles county metro rail system .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
its present name stems from 1885 .	2	3	VBZ	stems	stem	1
no process ever VBZ by NN .	1	3	VBZ	improves	improve	2
although use of the term NNP has increased in recent years , some NNS share the same pride and identity with NNP as village residents do , while others prefer not to be called NNP residents .	24	25	VBP	do	does	1
maybe the wikipedia article needs to be better referenced .	3	4	VBZ	needs	need	1
this kind of confusion is in fact one of the reasons we do not allow users to use ip numbers as their account name , but i would have thought the repeated detailed NNS would have VBN the issue by now .	1	4	VBZ	is	are	3
the plot follows a young woman who VBZ her boxer boyfriend to accept a NN to tell a lie that VBZ a local politician .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow	1
my experience suggests that such NN does not cause significant amounts of NN .	1	2	VBZ	suggests	suggest	1
the main insight is that every JJ term in the NN of the NN matrix of a graph g corresponds to a perfect matching .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the soundtrack shares some note similarities with paint and glass , albeit is not as minimal , with NNS of percussion and greater variety and prominence in the NNS .	2	4	VBP	note	notes	2
much like her approach to music , NNP 's love story is strong , JJ and mature .	10	11	VBZ	is	are	1
this supplement contains information on the capital of the NNP - the city of NNP , arts of the dead , NNS of the dead , NNS of bone , the three circles of NNP ( NNP , NNP and void ) , and creatures of the NNP .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain	1
however , during NN , the NNP 's heat shield begins to VB .	9	10	VBZ	begins	begin	1
the NN green tree frog is a NN , JJ frog , reaching a length of .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
commuter rail and light rail tickets are valid for one trip only , and no free paper NNS to or from rail are issued or accepted .	5	6	VBP	are	is	1
this image is a low resolution NN , test card for the army game a british television comedy series on NNP television that ran for CD episodes from 1957 to 1961 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the main wikipedia entry above includes a short recent history of colonial politics and wars involving the NNP , up to the NN between NNP and australians against japanese in world war ii .	3	5	VBZ	includes	include	2
the album contains some of NNP 's most JJ songs ; `` far away '' explicitly references the september 11 terrorist attacks and contains criticism of american president george w .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain	1
the NN is an NN of tiny white flowers .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the list has JJ information about the eclipse , but links to an article with fuller information -- the article you want to delete !	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
the members elect a mayor and deputy mayor annually .	1	2	VBP	elect	elects	1
cellular phone service is also available through NNP , its subsidiary NNP , and bell 's virgin mobile .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the JJ NNP light rail transit ( NNP ) system is a 10 .	9	10	VBZ	is	are	1
and because security is so important for citizens , leave aside the partisan interest and reach a consensus .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
this information consists of many aspects like credit card NNS , magazine NNS , loyalty card membership , surveys , and NN registration .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist	1
in any event , the image is no longer on the english wikipedia , but is hosted at the wikimedia commons , a sister website .	5	6	VBZ	is	are	1
the rest of NNP is in NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	1	4	VBZ	is	are	3
the illegal settlements have also generation a large number of illegal NNS of solid and liquid waste , especially in NNS , which VBP the water supply .	2	3	VBP	have	has	1
as a result of massive NN , especially during the JJ , communist era , the jewish community VBD to a critically low level , such that the synagogue is today in a state of decay and may be in danger of collapse .	28	29	VBZ	is	are	1
the machine room has a center NN .	2	3	VBZ	has	have	1
of course , the result is no worse than writing directly in mainspace , but moves from afc to mainspace are not easy to identify .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
these standards constitute a category of NNP standards for a special mode of operation of NNP CD .	1	2	VBP	constitute	constitutes	1
and on the left there 's NNP on the right there 's NNP when the centres pass RB , on either side , they are .	15	16	VBP	pass	passes	1
the walls consist of a number of NNS with highly JJ material arranged in such a way that the fraction of sound they do reflect is directed towards another NN instead of back into the room .	1	2	VBP	consist	consists	1
his portrait by NNP is at NNP hospital .	1	4	VBZ	is	are	3
the bot is now in trial .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
and now that i am VBG no specific time for NN , a dynamic list is better .	14	15	VBZ	is	are	1
all squares are NNS ( but not all NNS are squares ) ; therefore the square is a special case of the NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
i see the point of those who say NNS need to be JJ , but then it should apply to all of them , not just those certain admins do not agree with .	8	9	VBP	need	needs	1
this one is an article on one single tour in one single country ; if this vote sets any precedent , it would be regarding similar articles about JJ single tour in one single country , not about articles VBG all tours by a given artist .	16	17	VBZ	sets	set	1
NNP reports that these passages are `` generally considered to have been VBN '' .	4	5	VBP	are	is	1
the girl VBZ the contents of her letter .	1	2	VBZ	confirms	confirm	1
the column player VBZ whether or not the row player burns and then chooses either to play opera or football .	2	3	VBZ	observes	observe	1
approved names expand the official list , the newest edition of which is regularly published .	1	2	VBP	expand	expands	1
when the assumption that the lie group be compact is dropped , a similar result holds , but with the conclusion that JJ NNP states do not exist .	14	15	VBZ	holds	hold	1
JJ NN is an offence against military discipline in which a subordinate displays an attitude of NN towards a superior without open disagreement .	11	12	VBZ	displays	display	1
since NN forms in layers separated by JJ bands of NNS , the physical structure affects how the cliffs NN .	14	15	VBZ	affects	affect	1
the NNS are soft , warm and JJ but are prone to VBG and VBG .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
soon , however , his project starts to gain more importance , as scientists explore some promising theories from the borders of NNS and NNS , including study of potential NNS that would use NNS just as we use genes , and develop new sciences like NNS .	13	14	VBP	explore	explores	1
in computer science , white space is any character or series of NN characters that represent horizontal or vertical space in NN .	5	6	VBZ	is	are	1
a good rule of NN is to provide a reference for every quote , every JJ , every extraordinary claim and every paragraph .	2	5	VBZ	is	are	3
really , these ladies have a long road to notability yet to go .	3	4	VBP	have	has	1
NNS move one step RB forward and VBZ to one step RB forward , as in orthodox chess .	0	1	VBP	move	moves	1
when a cite is given for a firm buying a firm in another country -- that shows how shallow the references are .	20	21	VBP	are	is	1
the NNP party has no connection whatsoever with the global NNP , the international NN of green parties , whose NNP member party is the NNP national des NNS VBP le NN - les NNP .	22	23	VBZ	is	are	1
conventional JJ NNS usually have shorter life and require regular maintenance .	2	4	VBP	have	has	2
the NNP NN is still extant today and is visible from the road .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
this effect is basic to all JJ dynamics , which says that everything from sound to the NN of a thrown baseball should all remain the same in the aircraft as sitting still on the earth .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the upper male arms hold a NN and NN ( JJ ) , while the upper female ones hold a mirror and a book ; the others are broken .	3	4	VBP	hold	holds	1
the sanctuary is a NN habitat supporting NNP NN and fresh water NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
some well known NNP landmarks include the NNP girl sign , NNP falls , the former NNP town hall , victoria park football stadium and NNP convent .	4	5	VBP	include	includes	1
the main transport hub is NNP NNP station .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
its slogan is `` news to enjoy over coffee '' and , as such , is delivered to restaurants , coffee shops , bars , NNS , and other small businesses .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the shields protect the vessel from the intense solar heat while this process occurs .	1	2	VBP	protect	protects	1
this system is fully electronic and is dependent on the school 's ability to afford sufficient computer access around the school .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
almost all the children go to NNP ( NNP center ) , NNP , NNP , NNP to pursue their education .	3	4	VBP	go	goes	1
the song has been featured in numerous video games including nhl 2003 , guitar hero NNP hits , and guitar hero , though the latter appearance is a cover .	25	26	VBZ	is	are	1
a featured article should be JJ , and a sentence like that indicates that VBG may be necessary .	9	12	VBZ	indicates	indicate	3
in the context of the us , freedom of speech is a legal right ( first amendment to the united states constitution ) , which is the context i meant .	7	10	VBZ	is	are	3
the subjects are NNP , conversation , football , hunting , cricket .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
NNP acids VBP to the JJ groups of JJ NNS of JJ and form JJ complex in the cell wall .	1	2	VBP	attach	attaches	1
this list also has the merit of giving the actual NNP in some cases .	1	3	VBZ	has	have	2
the team tries to make contact with the `` alien team '' to explain the situation and ask for peace .	1	2	VBZ	tries	try	1
steve `` flash '' NNP of NNP seemed to feel differently , VBG that the album `` is not only the JJ NNP album , but one of the most important rap albums released in the 1990s as a whole '' .	15	17	VBZ	is	are	2
and again the sources do not in fact have to VB anything .	3	4	VBP	do	does	1
he has widely traveled in india and abroad , that is why his expressions have JJ NNS and experiences .	13	14	VBP	have	has	1
the NN uses the ratio of the probability value and the frequency of the original amino acid ( NN ) in known sequences .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use	1
the main attractions are JJ and NNP .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
NNP as an architecture relies on NN as its fundamental design principle .	3	4	VBZ	relies	rely	1
the 2011 football season marks nebraska 's entrance into the big ten conference .	3	4	VBZ	marks	mark	1
the findings show that possibly 1 , 000 romans were involved '' in the battle , according to the leading NN , NNP NNP .	1	2	VBP	show	shows	1
NNP , whose credits include films such as meet me in st .	3	4	VBP	include	includes	1
an exceptional word is the JJ `` six '' , , which in NNP is the only native word root with an initial cluster .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the developmental perspective is another approach to VBG media psychology , which most specifically uses research to examine effects of media and technology on human development .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the NNP , whose origins are in the united states , is characterized by having large , low , round ears on the sides of its head , while the NNP rat shares both its name and NN with NN NNP cats .	4	5	VBP	are	is	1
the poet also says that he has been `` made NN by fortune 's JJS spite '' ( 37 ) .	1	3	VBZ	says	say	2
NN plays are among the major entertainment for NNS of art and culture in the NNP nadu .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
while plants must deal directly with NNS , animals are not as heavily affected by them .	8	9	VBP	are	is	1
several notable restaurants exist in the downtown district , including NNP de NNP , NNP 's , NNP 's ny NNP , old NNP NNP , and NNP NNP ' roll ( located in the mary e .	2	3	VBP	exist	exists	1
yet few educational systems offer people any information or guidance on this topic , which is VBN in many countries , at least as a topic for school instruction .	3	4	VBP	offer	offers	1
NNP 's success remains a major breakthrough and great contribution to the field of medicine in VBG that doctors could work inside of the NNS safely , without the need for open surgery .	2	3	VBZ	remains	remain	1
while the music on the album was written and recorded by NNP and merely dubbed in over footage in which the four dancing children appear to be performing , some of the members are actually credible musicians .	23	24	VBP	appear	appears	1
in JJ complexity theory , the parallel NN thesis is a hypothesis which states that the time used by a ( reasonable ) parallel machine is RB related to the space used by a JJ machine .	8	9	VBZ	is	are	1
NN NNS are not deep enough to VB in under ordinary circumstances , their main danger being from the JJ force of an incorrectly executed NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
oppose redirect to anything JJ ; the terms are perhaps most often used in chemistry ( excluding JJ uses ) , but uses in other NNS are valid and significant as well .	7	8	VBP	are	is	1
from the raymond dam of the NNP reservoir , the river flows to its confluence with the NNP river .	10	11	VBZ	flows	flow	1
most students feed into NNP high school .	1	2	VBP	feed	feeds	1
his most recent NNS include NNP NNP , a JJ NN NN series illustrated by jeff salisbury and mike NNP , and the horror anthology , NNP 's midnight NNP , a tribute to tv horror host john NNP .	3	4	VBP	include	includes	1
the strategy VBZ to VB the individual from information recipient to information NN through NN , and then from information NN to opinion leader through NN .	1	2	VBZ	intends	intend	1
british library oral history section , whose key focus and expertise is oral history NN .	8	11	VBZ	is	are	3
the kitchen is almost as bare , and is dominated by a large stone NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the NNP are evil beings whose goal is the total destruction of the universe .	6	7	VBZ	is	are	1
NNS have a square footage of .	0	1	VBP	have	has	1
shock rock is an umbrella term for artists who combine rock music with elements of theatrical shock value in live performances .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
coi then i will VB this , but his claim is a red NN .	9	10	VBZ	is	are	1
the first section contains pieces with a religious theme .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain	1
thing is , this goes for both NNP and NNP , an editor may make the best mainspace contribs ever , but a total dick when it comes to discussing them .	0	1	VBZ	is	are	1
the european route NNP follows the entire length of the NNP motorway .	2	4	VBZ	follows	follow	2
this is why , when you watchlist someone 's talkpage , your watchlist shows their account being created .	12	13	VBZ	shows	show	1
the article cites no sources that can be used to verify that this is indeed what a JJ NN is .	1	2	VBZ	cites	cite	1
most maritime surveys use strip NN and distance VBG to measure density ; this is then VBN over the animal 's range .	2	3	VBP	use	uses	1
this system incorporates tv and fm radio .	1	2	VBZ	incorporates	incorporate	1
the creek flows into the NNP river river from the west .	1	2	VBZ	flows	flow	1
this NN has NN data on bright NNS .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
one of doctor de la NNP patient 's is princess NNP , the NN of the former emperor of NNP .	6	8	VBZ	is	are	2
a man to whom the country VBZ an NN if this moment of NN holds is e .	11	14	VBZ	holds	hold	3
once it has come to rest , the players take turns to roll their NN from the NN towards the jack and thereby build up the `` head '' .	8	9	VBP	take	takes	1
VBN zones are a system of VBG the last JJ period and NNP VBP using the data from NN NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
these JJ , JJ tapes are rare and expensive .	4	5	VBP	are	is	1
these bands wear a mix of standard military service dress ( either battle dress , NNP or NNS ) and highland dress as appropriate .	1	2	VBP	wear	wears	1
a van is a road vehicle used for VBG goods or groups of people .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the article is unsourced and very close to crossing the line as an attack page .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
a variable whose type is JJ ' will not be subject to static NN .	1	4	VBZ	is	are	3
critics argue that , since the program provides JJ income without any employment requirements , NNS receive free money without NNS for work , which VBZ the economic output and development of the island , approximately half of the island 's population lives below the u .	15	16	VBP	receive	receives	1
law is complex , and those who advise on it need specialist knowledge and a clear understanding of the facts in the case .	0	1	VBZ	is	are	1
the house is these days registered as a category i heritage building by the new zealand historic places trust , with registration number CD .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
it is important that the information in wikipedia is true and accurate .	5	8	VBZ	is	are	3
and that the miracle was specifically designed by jesus to teach the NNS that when VBG NNS , they need to rely on their faith in christ , first and foremost .	16	19	VBP	need	needs	3
wikipedians vote for all remaining members whose NNS they VBP .	0	1	VBP	vote	votes	1
their inspiration comes from life itself , both good and bad things .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come	1
the town is within the fort walls of the JJ NNP fort .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
smith 's verses appear to have been written for amusement in correspondence with sir john NNP , whose NNS were also included .	2	3	VBP	appear	appears	1
the NNP NN system forms an important part of the public transport network in NNP , the capital of the republic of NNP .	3	4	VBZ	forms	form	1
the agency checks the flood risk assessment that must be submitted with most planning applications in flood risk areas .	1	2	VBZ	checks	check	1
keep wiki is no paper , schools are encyclopedic .	6	7	VBP	are	is	1
natural selection remains the primary explanation for JJ evolution .	1	2	VBZ	remains	remain	1
csd work is good , no issues .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
it 's really JJ and the coaches are incredible '' .	6	7	VBP	are	is	1
the NNS are the type of people who VBP themselves to their communities .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
arbitration committee has set itself up to directly assess a content issue , and not just an administrative action ; if a question of whether a page protection meets standards was brought before the committee , they must review the content itself to determine the answer .	27	28	VBZ	meets	meet	1
the sixth NN serves as a backup to the fifth NN in case he fails to score runs or to drive more in himself if another scoring opportunity presents itself .	2	3	VBZ	serves	serve	1
the film VBZ around two people .	1	2	VBZ	revolves	revolve	1
not quite the point i was trying to make about artistic judgement - i meant that informed artistic judgement is a minimum requirement for being able to comment on the notability of a NN .	18	19	VBZ	is	are	1
RB , these words do manage to succeed in VBG .	3	4	VBP	do	does	1
since their introduction , the nature of rail freight in britain has changed considerably , reducing or removing the need for VBG , therefore only a few class CD locomotives remain in service today .	29	30	VBP	remain	remains	1
the seed is a very fine , black powder .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
when these problems occur ( as they do from time to time ) it can take a few days for image NNS to be VBN .	2	3	VBP	occur	occurs	1
the list is for the readers , not the editors .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
addiction '' is the third single from the album .	0	2	VBZ	is	are	2
the player lets the card drop or `` fly down '' from a few NNS above the table .	1	2	VBZ	lets	let	1
the school is affiliated to the NNP ghana board and NNP new delhi board .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
a year later , the song was VBN , some sources say it was in croatian , others say it is serbian .	10	11	VBP	say	says	1
in cases where three or more references are provided for a single statement , it is usually because that statement has been highly disputed in the fact , and no other option is available .	31	32	VBZ	is	are	1
the current wikipedia article supports this point of view by the organization of its titles , which VBZ the neutrality principle .	3	4	VBZ	supports	support	1
o has done another crime , NNP will explain his invention that will fix it , and the process VBZ .	18	19	VBZ	repeats	repeat	1
the united states embassy in cairo VBZ that the crew of a united states JJ ship killed an egyptian when it opened fire on a small boat near the NNP canal .	3	6	VBZ	confirms	confirm	3
this guy is clearly notable and meets all relevant guidelines for inclusion .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
an exception to this is the JJ NNP and NNP NNS , which VBZ RB down just under the ocean 's surface .	1	4	VBZ	is	are	3
as of may 2013 , CD sets of NNP are available to download for free .	6	9	VBP	are	is	3
NNP was settled by a NNP speaking people whose language belongs to the JJ branch of the JJ languages family .	9	10	VBZ	belongs	belong	1
other roads connect to bad NNP , NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBP	connect	connects	1
the editor also allows a NN to print out all the statements in a group ( e .	1	3	VBZ	allows	allow	2
this category contains elections in which there was a sole legal party , i .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain	1
they have enough influence in the gaming world that these interviews are a JJ use of these people 's time , reaching enough of an audience to generate considerable returns .	10	11	VBP	are	is	1
a few sources seem more reliable ( an NNP article , something on NNP , and a few books , but one will have to read the text to see if NNP nationalism exists or not .	2	3	VBP	seem	seems	1
leonard is never without a NN , drinking it to excess when walter 's murders begin adding to his stress .	14	15	VBP	begin	begins	1
american forces capture the san juan heights near santiago de cuba .	1	2	VBP	capture	captures	1
the test is also unique in the way it uses an JJ NN scheme , WRB each question is assigned a different weight depending on how the other questions are answered .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
NNP 's aim is to grow the social investment market .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
just in case this debate starts to turn to the ad FW arguments i have seen in the past i would like to state my independence , this was my first exposure to york peace camp .	4	5	VBZ	starts	start	1
the club has a youth system that has in recent years provided players for pakistani youth teams at various age groups as well winning many national youth competitions in the past .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
the platform comprises the NNP operating system and the NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	comprises	comprise	1
NNP railway station serves the village of NNP in the derbyshire peak district , in england and is owned by northern rail .	2	3	VBZ	serves	serve	1
the la NNP NNP facilities are located in la NNP , missouri in northern NNP county , missouri , however the district boundaries VBP part of southern NNP county as well .	22	23	VBP	encompass	encompasses	1
both teams have access to the two generic classes ( soldiers and commanders ) .	1	2	VBP	have	has	1
deeper NNS offer larger quantities of water , but its quality is generally JJ .	10	11	VBZ	is	are	1
every week i am contacted by about twenty different websites wanting to write reviews on software my various companies sell .	18	19	VBP	sell	sells	1
the film features a JJ little man trying to cut down a NN and failing , then becoming more and more JJ as he tries increasingly JJ methods against the flower ; in the end , the NN only VBZ to the love of a child .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature	1
the film article already has a poster ; use of a second poster in this article would require some sort of justification in the form of critical commentary directly VBD to the image , which the article does not have .	2	4	VBZ	has	have	2
i think it is JJ , and more importantly , in my opinion the subject is not sufficiently noteworthy to merit an encyclopedia entry .	14	15	VBZ	is	are	1
the station is also available JJ across europe via NNP 19 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
other advantages include better VBN green , manufacture ability on NNS , thin display , same material used to generate difference colors , and higher resolution .	1	2	VBP	include	includes	1
visual snow is a NN or VBG visual NN where people see snow or JJ static in parts or the whole of their visual fields , especially against dark backgrounds .	10	11	VBP	see	sees	1
the academic community generally accepts CD for the end of the artistic style .	2	4	VBZ	accepts	accept	2
aluminium NN CD is an aluminium NN , with NN as the primary NN element .	1	3	VBZ	is	are	2
so this ban proposal is only a attempt to VB my JJ NNS , everyone with a minor NN of the philosophical debate knows .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
this first representation demonstrates where the slow NN threshold ( NNP ) the fast NN threshold ( NNP ) and NN delay VBP parameters are most likely to be .	2	3	VBZ	demonstrates	demonstrate	1
this project aims to create an autonomous NN capable of VBG through vast amounts of ice .	1	2	VBZ	aims	aim	1
this vfd nomination clearly has no merit .	2	4	VBZ	has	have	2
JJ wood NNS have a JJ device built into the NN .	2	3	VBP	have	has	1
a variety of NNS helps to VB NNP NNP into an existing it environment .	1	4	VBZ	helps	help	3
our advice pages form a NN .	2	3	VBP	form	forms	1
in NNP , the older NNP NNS play with one hand and the sole of a shoe or other JJ NN .	6	7	VBP	play	plays	1
this university has a faculty in tehran , iran .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
ongoing research uses much stronger interactions .	1	2	VBZ	uses	use	1
keep , the image is free and useful .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
many people enjoy making their own pieces using the blank NNS that can be online , and buying NNS , NNS and NNS from various online NNS .	1	2	VBP	enjoy	enjoys	1
swedish death NNS contain detailed information on thousands of NNS going back to CD ; the maximum age at death reported between CD and 1800 was CD .	2	3	VBP	contain	contains	1
NN shared indicates that a parameter is to be passed by reference .	5	6	VBZ	is	are	1
the name apparently stems from the NN of the view given by queen victoria 's NN during their 1861 visit .	1	3	VBZ	stems	stem	2
however , the same steady state assumption applies to the equilibrium between JJ and bound JJ NNS as in the more simple NNP model .	6	7	VBZ	applies	apply	1
for example , some NNS allow NN trading .	4	5	VBP	allow	allows	1
moreover , a block is just plain silly .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
the film features NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP NNP in lead roles .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature	1
the distance these soil particles travel can be as much as two feet RB and five feet RB on level ground .	4	5	VBP	travel	travels	1
consider a web browser which attempts to load a page while the network is JJ .	12	13	VBZ	is	are	1
in addition to the primary sport of rugby union , the club is also active in the sports of rugby NNS , touch rugby , NN and NN .	11	12	VBZ	is	are	1
his wife is from chile , and they have adult children .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
they fill the car as the NNS watch .	6	7	VBP	watch	watches	1
the basic NN involves an irish catholic girl and a young jewish man who marry despite the objections of their families .	2	3	VBZ	involves	involve	1
the NN models appear in the series as paper boards and have probably less than 5 actions each .	2	3	VBP	appear	appears	1
both users are interested in ai and games .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
st james church is a church of england church in the diocese of NNP and man .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
each time the stream life cycle VBZ itself another layer of rich organic soil is added to the bottom of the valley .	5	6	VBZ	repeats	repeat	1
the NNP test applies to two NNS and requires that both NNS be known and equal to zero .	2	3	VBZ	applies	apply	1
may 1973 - the private business becomes a corporation , and the JJ company is established .	5	6	VBZ	becomes	become	1
only the lead tells us how many men were in the boat .	2	3	VBZ	tells	tell	1
in london , NN drivers have to pass a test called the knowledge to demonstrate that they have an intimate knowledge of the geography of london streets , important buildings etc .	4	5	VBP	have	has	1
another possibility is n persons playing in the same turn , in that case you can have more than one person winning , and splitting the pot i assume .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the mouth is an important organ with many different functions .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the street runs through what was a deer park of sir NNP NNP , chief justice of the supreme court in calcutta from CD to CD , hence the earlier name .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run	1
its outlet is via the NNP at the south end of the lake .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the book contains biographical sketches of NNP , NNP and several other NNS .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain	1
the first logical step is to set up an incident response plan and eventually a computer emergency response team .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
men and women differ in motor skill ability .	0	3	VBP	differ	differs	3
both points seem odd to me when i think about it .	1	2	VBP	seem	seems	1
may my [ brother ] let my NNS go promptly so i [ m ] NN hear the VBG [ of ] my [ CC ] NN .	7	8	VBP	go	goes	1
the course is on the NNP head cliff , so offers views of the seven sisters and NNP head .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
meanwhile , the ship VBZ an incoming NN vessel .	3	4	VBZ	detects	detect	1
JJ dollars are collector 's items produced by the antarctica overseas exchange office in the appearance of a national money for the continent of antarctica .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
the award is not presented every year , but rather when the committee believes there to be a worthy candidate .	12	13	VBZ	believes	believe	1
his work contains a JJ defense of the values of the JJ NNP , which he sees as having been VBN and VBN in more recent political and scientific thought .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain	1
usually , each high school has at least two NNS .	4	5	VBZ	has	have	1
presently , mumbai north west constituency comprises six NNP sabha ( legislative assembly ) segments .	5	6	VBZ	comprises	comprise	1
another feminist NN is patricia hill collins , who introduced the JJ theory of matrix of NNP ; much of her work concerns the politics of black feminist thought and NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
in NNP , NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP many or most street names are german in origin , even though after 1990 many streets were renamed to honor black JJ people .	14	15	VBP	are	is	1
the template remains and always will remain pov and needs to go .	1	2	VBZ	remains	remain	1
it seems to me that this edit relies on this interpretation to make its point , but i have not seen evidence that this interpretation is backed up by a source .	6	7	VBZ	relies	rely	1
he added that `` the tone is JJ and slightly JJ , as if we were watching the NNP family at the end of the world '' .	5	6	VBZ	is	are	1
your personal attacks are rather humorous to me .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
NNP ] university of NNP website retrieved on JJ today the faith has a significant following outside of india as well .	11	12	VBZ	has	have	1
the network consists of 7 urban bus routes , and 16 suburban bus routes .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist	1
the NNP article presently has a JJ NN editor ( several NN ) constantly changing `` ancient india , modern pakistan '' to just `` ancient pakistan '' .	2	4	VBZ	has	have	2
in this regard the combine paintings relate to pop art and their much earlier predecessor NNP .	5	6	VBP	relate	relates	1
most college buildings also feature distinctive architecture , and each has developed a different NN or area of emphasis .	2	4	VBP	feature	features	2
his books are all JJ vanity books that he sells over the internet .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
allmusic reviewer jason NNP stated that the album `` is a study in NNS , as the group 's noise assault reaches new NNS of raw NN .	7	9	VBZ	is	are	2
it is beneficial to VB the students with unexpected solutions to problems posed in NNP NNP , as an exercise and to demonstrate that each NNP NNP drill is just one of very many possible solutions to a given problem .	27	28	VBZ	is	are	1
it does not VB to fulfill the spanish NNS , but it RB do so depending on what english sources call it .	19	20	VBP	call	calls	1
i think the best course of action should be a redirect , however my concern is that the article i wrote about the barn VBZ on the fact of the barn being the worlds largest , while the other article focuses on the history side of the barn .	14	15	VBZ	is	are	1
his website VBZ another specialist trade NN article exclusively on him `` originally printed in musicians only october 6 , 1979 by paul NNP '' .	1	2	VBZ	reproduces	reproduce	1
the subject fails our general notability guideline because it has not received significant coverage in reliable sources that are independent of the subject .	1	2	VBZ	fails	fail	1
i think that this book fails all of the notability criteria for books .	4	5	VBZ	fails	fail	1
electoral reform is a continuing process in the united states , motivated by fear of both electoral fraud and NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
NNP ) regular ideal if it is a von NNP regular JJ ring , i .	3	6	VBZ	is	are	3
this JJ circle is not part of any NNP script and should not really appear anywhere on wikipedia , except perhaps in articles related to NNP etc .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
he already won against the NNP case and was recently cleared of the india case yet some editors keep pushing negative press as his point of notability which is not the case .	17	18	VBP	keep	keeps	1
NN 's algorithms runs RB faster than the best known classical algorithm for NN , the general number field NN .	2	3	VBZ	runs	run	1
the NN name often reflects limited knowledge or VB about a species at the time it was named .	2	4	VBZ	reflects	reflect	2
two of the users contribute with their real names here and the information is easily available on google , it is public domain , they knew the consequence of their act by VBG under their real name .	12	13	VBZ	is	are	1
this site fails to make use of such sources for any year before 2008 , which VBZ doubts on the NN of the research .	1	2	VBZ	fails	fail	1
natural areas contain many JJ plant species that occur as JJ populations in the lower 48 of the united states , including NN .	1	2	VBP	contain	contains	1
once the enterprise arrives at eden , a planet inside NNP territory , NNP and his followers steal the NNP ii NN and head down to the planet .	2	3	VBZ	arrives	arrive	1
the athletic teams participate in NNP division ii and division iii .	2	3	VBP	participate	participates	1
the old church records lead to a conclusion that jesse james was not in minnesota during the NNP bank robbery but remained with his family in nashville , tennessee .	3	4	VBP	lead	leads	1
despite the speed limits people continue to use NNS on the lake , both legally and RB .	4	5	VBP	continue	continues	1
to this end every student has a vote in the principal elections and in the sovereign body of NNP , the union general meeting - as in most students ' unions .	4	5	VBZ	has	have	1
the birds breed all year regardless of season and build new NNS throughout the year .	1	2	VBP	breed	breeds	1
these trucks are a common sight in most urban areas .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
in its header , the JJ fields are the flags word ( 84 CD ) , the NNP word ( CD CD ) , and the NNP word ( CD CD ) .	6	7	VBP	are	is	1
for international exposure and networking , the association sends players to participate in international competitions such as world amateur go championship and world youth go championship .	7	8	VBZ	sends	send	1
a contemporary history suggests his criticisms influenced the NNP act 1870 .	2	3	VBZ	suggests	suggest	1
the castle is open on a daily basis during the summer season and NNP in the winter .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the name is a business phrase meaning that an employee has been fired due to bad behavior or other specific failures .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
students learn about NN , NN and NN of JJ photo .	0	1	VBP	learn	learns	1
in addition to the dam , which is CD meters long , a NN of materials 65 kilometers long NNS both arms of the river divided by the island NNP ; the JJ dam is in part located over this .	33	34	VBZ	is	are	1
in NNP hunter you win the match by collecting coins enemy players drop when they die , you can also pick up your teammates ' dropped coins to deny the other team points .	11	12	VBP	drop	drops	1
response time is often quick to such things and would have resulted in more than just the JJ situation that resulted from his block of someone who VBD with his actions .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
as a consequence , the feature implementation tends to closely represent the customer 's desire with little JJ or JJ functionality .	6	7	VBZ	tends	tend	1
the base floor of NNP features a NNP .	2	5	VBZ	features	feature	3
the live band consists primarily of jesse NNP , tim NNP , jessica NNP taylor , NNP , NNP scott and phil NNP .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist	1
the leaves are RB compound and NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
NNP ( 2 ) , where the charge is a positive NN k .	7	8	VBZ	is	are	1
the prose has been VBN a bit , and the topic seems clear .	10	11	VBZ	seems	seem	1
the most renowned NN is michel NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
its name is a combination of nearby NNP village ( ) and NNP hospital , in order to favour the benefits of both sides .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
these products carry no advertising and are sold on an annual subscription basis .	1	2	VBP	carry	carries	1
perhaps you could look at maps of the areas where that tree is native - and try to find a lake that would be a match for the shape of the shore that we can see .	11	12	VBZ	is	are	1
NNP parks include NNP state reserve , NNP park , NNP park and NNP beach county park .	1	2	VBP	include	includes	1
but the situation leads NNP on a different track .	2	3	VBZ	leads	lead	1
added google scholar shows a maximum of 17 citations .	2	3	VBZ	shows	show	1
a tunnel is then formed by the band members that the football team enters the stadium through , a few minutes before NN .	12	13	VBZ	enters	enter	1
if the nominator believes existing notability guidelines should be changed , afd is not the place to do it .	2	3	VBZ	believes	believe	1
the basic version has a NN stock ; the NNP version has a JJ finish and a black composite stock .	10	11	VBZ	has	have	1
read what the sources say and compare them with the article .	3	4	VBP	say	says	1
when one has multiple role responsibilities , duties or demands from education , job or family relationships it can be hard to manage .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
NNP loses interest in the latter half of the tale after the siblings switch back .	12	13	VBP	switch	switches	1
according to JJ mori tradition , the hill is the remains of a NN called NNP a small coal NN on the hill was VBN by early european settlers , and was VBN from as early as 1849 , the first coal mine in the country .	7	8	VBZ	is	are	1
a merchants ' settlement has also been suggested near NNP , but no JJ evidence supports this theory .	14	15	VBZ	supports	support	1
i could see a preference being useful so that by default the feature brings up higher quality articles , but NNS can find those that need work .	12	13	VBZ	brings	bring	1
the catholic church has medieval NNS .	2	3	VBZ	has	have	1
NN requests that i delete a second article ( south american NNS ) which was also nominated in the aforementioned afd .	1	4	VBP	delete	delete	3
if one or both family members VBP a total of 200 points or more , the family wins the top prize .	16	17	VBZ	wins	win	1
RB , honor 's actions save queen elizabeth and the NNP of NNP benjamin NNP ix from dying in the same attack .	4	5	VBP	save	saves	1
the entire trail is open to NNS and NNS , and mountain NNS may ride CD miles of the trail .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the home fans certainly make plenty of noise .	2	4	VBP	make	makes	2
reviewers work on a specific category of gas , and there are still many categories that need to be swept .	0	1	VBP	work	works	1
following large increases in tobacco duty in france , it is now very common for NNS to make a NN to the small town of NNP just over the border in belgium , where tobacco duty is lower .	35	36	VBZ	is	are	1
the embassy 's JJ section provides a full range of citizenship services to this community .	4	5	VBZ	provides	provide	1
also , most likely no one VBZ .	5	6	VBZ	cares	care	1
payments between companies are not all known , nor whether they cover VBG connections .	0	3	VBP	are	is	3
the NNP police department ( NNP ) consist of men and women whose job is to serve and protect the city of NNP .	13	14	VBZ	is	are	1
NNP employees span the globe working at military , NNP , and other defense sites .	1	2	VBP	span	spans	1
i disagree article work is insufficient .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
qualification is the formal proof that the design meets all requirements of the specification and the parameters agreed in the interface control documents ( NNP ) including NNS due to manufacturing NNS , NN within specified NN , NNS etc .	0	1	VBZ	is	are	1
the teaching staff consists of NNP as well as NNS .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist	1
JJ cameras have a film size between the JJ cameras and smaller CD cameras .	1	2	VBP	have	has	1
SYM - different NNS are possible - if you translate that too ) .	3	4	VBP	are	is	1
to the east , the town is from NNP on the border to east NNP .	5	6	VBZ	is	are	1
long story short , the NNP NN is where the old `` edit '' NN was .	6	7	VBZ	is	are	1
the system keeps a log of every class session , so student records are always available .	1	2	VBZ	keeps	keep	1
this category contains articles about NNP county , poland .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain	1
its members include NNP 's friends NNP NNP , NNP NNP and NNP NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes	1
while JJ forces are present , these components remain similar over a wide variety of NNS , making the JJ model a useful tool in VBG relative binding NNS .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
i agree with NN that each rush has its own distinct history but i would be happy for the victorian rush article to be merged and have its own section where appropriate .	6	7	VBZ	has	have	1
within orders , subsequent NN NNS are approximately at the NNP boundary for NNP , NNP , and NNP .	5	6	VBP	are	is	1
NNP , JJ diabetes VBP , tertiary NN , and developmental disorders are examples of VBG conditions caused by JJ disease .	11	12	VBP	are	is	1
therefore NNP 's claiming that NNP was VBG NNP by mentioning the `` NNP account is JJ and therefore the NN is JJ .	14	15	VBZ	is	are	1
the package supplies NNS to the NNS of the power grid either by means of package leads in JJ chips or through NNP NN NNS in JJ chip technology .	1	2	VBZ	supplies	supply	1
any administrator who feels that any party user is content warring or revert warring my NN a block of up to 24 hours for the first offense and up to 1 week for subsequent violations , however VBG circumstances may result in an extension in any block .	7	8	VBZ	is	are	1
bennett said florida 's economic success depends on environmental preservation and not oil profits , and that NN could have JJ effects to the state 's NN .	5	6	VBZ	depends	depend	1
however it is not possible to climb down to where the water falls into a pool .	11	12	VBZ	falls	fall	1
clinical studies have shown that the most common side effect is a slight reaction at the site of injection in the form of NN , and sometimes VBG .	9	10	VBZ	is	are	1
after finding out what unit they were from , he VBD , `` rangers , lead the way !	13	15	VBP	lead	leads	2
the village contains several listed buildings including the old NNP and the church of st nicholas .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain	1
the JJ energy released is JJ to destroy just about everything .	2	4	VBZ	is	are	2
some authors create a new numbering starting with the first NNS even though the NN did not really begin until CD .	1	2	VBP	create	creates	1
the main exception seems to be that , in the article about the author , their statements can be cited as their views directly from such sources .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem	1
NNS - refer to any number of NN oriented tricks in which the planes move from in front to behind the NN in an NN fashion .	13	14	VBP	move	moves	1
the temple has a JJ NNP and an outer NN ( outer courtyard ) .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
her most recent works are a collections of short stories , past NNP and coming attractions ( 2002 ) and a novel , view to the north ( 2004 ) .	3	4	VBP	are	is	1
NNP had objected on inclusion of this line firstly because he says its just the opinion of that one particular writer ( pov ) and secondly that every politician is a crowd NN .	28	29	VBZ	is	are	1
aquatic animals include for example the NNS , such as NNS ( family NNP ) , VBZ ( family NNP ) , and NNS ( family NNP ) , and most of the NNP ( NNS , NNS and JJ ) .	1	2	VBP	include	includes	1
contemporary korean theatre has three main directions .	2	3	VBZ	has	have	1
some NNS contain other ingredients such as red wine , white wine , port , NN , JJ or orange NN or NNS .	1	2	VBP	contain	contains	1
this category contains articles with a currently assessed priority rating of NNP , in the wikiproject writing systems article assessment and rating scheme .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain	1
if a statement is false , then its NN is false ( and vice NN ) .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
those in class iii ( NNP ) cells are about eight degrees and class iv ( NNP ) NN cells range from twelve to fifteen degrees .	7	8	VBP	are	is	1
neither option requires any fuel for NN , but if you wanted to survive a NN in a NN , you would probably need to pack enough food to last for several years , along with enough clothing to handle whatever climate regions you VBD through .	1	2	VBZ	requires	require	1
editorial decisions have to be made on what to include .	1	2	VBP	have	has	1
the campus has two buildings VBG .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
notably , in this exchange NNP describes the car as being `` worse '' than before .	4	6	VBZ	describes	describe	2
this is a higher rating than any other product i have checked , and is a reflection of how satisfied people are with the product .	20	21	VBP	are	is	1
as for the images , copyright is a complicated area .	5	6	VBZ	is	are	1
these titles are so generic that VBG to NNP would not make sense .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
the same name is likely reflected in the NN NNP in norse NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
mostly this will require only administrative changes as the units already exist .	9	11	VBP	exist	exists	2
simple murder '' is a 2003 single by east coast hip hop group the NNP .	1	3	VBZ	is	are	2
these stops include NNP , co , NNP , ny , university of massachusetts , NNP , ma , manchester , NNP , and providence , NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes	1
deposits in china are in the NNP region , which accounts for its also being known as NNP NN .	0	3	VBP	are	is	3
charles ' chief claim to notability is that he was the first ruler to adopt the system of VBG his soldiers out to foreign powers as NNS , as a means of improving the NNS of his NN .	3	6	VBZ	is	are	3
the artist VBZ her determination and NN .	1	2	VBZ	captures	capture	1
NNS are to VB what NNP files are to NNP ) .	6	7	VBP	are	is	1
this means all JJ editors are free to write a new , neutral article about this company .	4	5	VBP	are	is	1
some JJ newspaper articles give the author , date , edition and page number of the printed article ( e .	3	4	VBP	give	gives	1
the NNP tampa campus provides multiple services and resources necessary for students to succeed both in the classroom and in their personal lives .	3	4	VBZ	provides	provide	1
i VBP your question is what makes it a reliable source .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
NNP history , NNP railways society part of the line was still used for quarry trains until 1989 , and sections are currently in the process of being restored as a heritage railway .	20	21	VBP	are	is	1
your version implies the NNPS supported the massacre .	1	2	VBZ	implies	imply	1
the film tells the story of a JJ NN artist , jo jo , who is VBN from NN by an unnamed figure who learns that love rarely ends RB .	1	2	VBZ	tells	tell	1
such experiments can be found in their NN , where NNP and humans are found VBN in NNS , and JJ body parts are preserved and used in experiments .	22	23	VBP	are	is	1
as NNP points out , the criterion is patent nonsense , not merely nonsense .	6	7	VBZ	is	are	1
the case method enables class discussion of real business problems ; which will apply the concepts , decision making methods and tools to those situations to help develop JJ and decision making skills .	2	3	VBZ	enables	enable	1
critics point out that some JJ airports are less than an hour 's drive from an JJ airport , and question the economic efficiency of the service .	0	1	VBP	point	points	1
or to say it another way , by looking at the JJ image in a JJ ( VBN ) direction the image appears JJ to the eye .	21	22	VBZ	appears	appear	1
the school is part of the burke county school district which serves burke county , georgia .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
some NNP species contain NN , which can cause brain damage , other organ damage , central nervous system damage and death in sheep .	2	3	VBP	contain	contains	1
the campus consists of a main building , a staff quarter , an auditorium , an administrative building and a JJ football field .	1	2	VBZ	consists	consist	1
some NNS occupy a building which is notable in its own right , and is separate from their embassy 's office building .	1	2	VBP	occupy	occupies	1
although the copyright status of this film is uncertain , JJ copies are common .	11	12	VBP	are	is	1
as figure 1 shows , a natural tension exists between the four value drivers .	7	8	VBZ	exists	exist	1
the genus name NNP is sometimes used as a common name but it is JJ , since that term is also JJ of the wild NN variety , which is NN of the distinctive NN NN .	18	19	VBZ	is	are	1
the open philosophy of wiki - allowing anyone to edit content , does not ensure that every editor 's intentions are JJ .	19	20	VBP	are	is	1
RB , the JJ regions consist of JJ layers with poor hydraulic NN , and are therefore prone to soil NN .	4	5	VBP	consist	consists	1
the final full stop makes all the difference !	3	4	VBZ	makes	make	1
various programs lead to the NN of associate 's degrees in arts and sciences , as well as vocational NNS .	1	2	VBP	lead	leads	1
loosely based on the short story `` NNP '' by NNP , the film is about mistaken identity and the problems that a young , innocent man had to undergo in his life .	13	14	VBZ	is	are	1
the books are from major technical publishers .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
temples often greatly vary in their appearance , rituals , traditions , festivals and customs from region to region .	0	3	VBP	vary	varies	3
furthermore the property contains a farm museum , a NNP NNP , a pole farm and a program barn built in 1942 .	2	3	VBZ	contains	contain	1
the only thing mentioned is that he was very ill for about a month .	2	4	VBZ	is	are	2
this large JJ room is on an axis to the NNS of the formal north gardens .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
the other NNS include money ( NNP ) , future ( NNP ) , woman 's world ( NNP ) , NNP star ( NNP ) , insight ( NNP ) .	2	3	VBP	include	includes	1
special cartridge has a good reputation among police officers for reliability .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
strong keep as with jerry lewis and JJ NN , when a celebrity VBZ his name to a cause , it usually increases awareness of that cause .	12	13	VBZ	lends	lend	1
the striker is the youngest of three VBG brothers , mohammed NNP and NNP NNP , the sons of former army track and field athlete NNP NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
they play a JJ regular season and later , the champion is determine in the playoffs .	10	11	VBZ	is	are	1
some services extend to sale and NNP ( not setting down passengers ) .	1	2	VBP	extend	extends	1
a number of theories on the formation of the outer solar system have suggested that such things might be out there , but JJ searches for them are very difficult .	24	27	VBP	are	is	3
these routes are former NNS that have been VBN by newer NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
australian moving image , where artists utilize the 27 meter long public screen in beijing 's exclusive NNP village to present their work in china .	5	6	VBP	utilize	utilizes	1
hunger in the united states is an issue that affects millions of americans , including some who are middle class , or who are in households where all adults are in work .	28	29	VBP	are	is	1
other examples include the coverage of VBG white woman syndrome ' stories like those of NNP NNP , elizabeth smart , NNP peterson .	1	2	VBP	include	includes	1
the narrow strip of land VBZ the atlantic ocean from little NNP bay .	2	5	VBZ	separates	separate	3
every character has a set of actions ; for example , homer can VB , ride on a tube , and run away VBG , while bart can run , trip over , cycle , ride his NN , and paint NN with NN .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
from here a long and narrow passage leads up to the top of the fort , through the NNP and NNP NNP ( gate ) , both attributed to NNP NNP ali khan , the first NNP governor of NNP .	6	7	VBZ	leads	lead	1
a recurring NN is that , despite their JJ dedication and resources , they always fail in capturing danny phantom .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the NNS hide in rocky NNS , but come out in the morning and evening to VB .	1	2	VBP	hide	hides	1
i use this on NNP to request that users change their license to NNP .	8	9	VBP	change	changes	1
this category contains railway stations in NNP , one of the principal areas of wales .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain	1
the two routes travel west to NNP .	2	3	VBP	travel	travels	1
in queensland a JJ police officer is the operator .	5	6	VBZ	is	are	1
such rights include freedom of speech , a speedy and public trial , and religious freedom .	1	2	VBP	include	includes	1
now this museum is one of the greatest and JJS NNS of NNP culture .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
this lunar program marks the first united states mission to the moon in over ten years .	2	3	VBZ	marks	mark	1
the results of this NN shows us firstly , the areas or skills that students feel most confident about and secondly what skills do they most value during the literature circle discussions .	14	15	VBP	feel	feels	1
anton 's research suggests that the NNP of fate and that it could be used by the light to rewrite destiny , allowing someone to change the world to establish a new world order .	2	3	VBZ	suggests	suggest	1
the service runs after CD every day .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run	1
in the VBG state , this force flows out into the JJ worlds and gives us the knowledge of the world .	6	7	VBZ	flows	flow	1
if the problem is the NNS in the asian languages , then just delete those parts and leave the english text , although many articles on asian languages do in fact give the asian equivalent , and these are not normally deleted .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
as malcolm NNP VBZ , to be a successful adult educator , one must recognize that adult NNS are JJ .	17	18	VBP	are	is	1
if the player suffers a NN , these test results are then used in order to compare their previous JJ state to that of the their possible VBN state .	2	3	VBZ	suffers	suffer	1
redirect web sources are not at all promising .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
a NNP slot seriously limits your upgrade options .	2	4	VBZ	limits	limit	2
other natural phenomena around NNP are several mighty and narrow NNS and NNP .	2	5	VBP	are	is	3
privacy rights are so great in a few states that police will not use any evidence from illegal sources that VBP on that right , but will conduct their own independent investigation through legal channels .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
up till this point the river follows a more or less JJ direction until san jose , NNP , where it takes a sharp JJ turn towards the municipality of san NNP , where the NNP river forms the boundary between NNP NNP and NNP .	5	6	VBZ	follows	follow	1
this transformation highly VBZ formation of the NN .	1	3	VBZ	favors	favor	2
the exhibition begins with displays on medieval settlements along the rhine , in particular in NNP , NNP and NNP .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin	1
so the name seems another , not particularly JJ , variation of his old ones .	2	3	VBZ	seems	seem	1
the falls drop directly into the NNP river .	1	2	VBP	drop	drops	1
the festival is a tradition followed by the NNP of the region in NN of the numerous wars they led and fought as part of the army of the NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
her play of jupiter is available from the recording of `` NNP violin concerto '' with israel philharmonic orchestra by sony classical .	1	4	VBZ	is	are	3
the show follows the life of kiss bassist and vocalist gene NNP , his longtime partner and wife shannon NNP , and their two children , nick and sophie .	1	2	VBZ	follows	follow	1
an episode shows NNP 's band playing at the atlanta , georgia cotton states and international exposition ( 1895 ) , despite the attempt by colonel randolph ( NNP NNP ) to VB their contract .	1	2	VBZ	shows	show	1
the article needs a rewrite for neutrality and to remove the promotional NNS .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need	1
as paul 's condition gets RB worse , the others begin to consider whether paul should retire , at least for the time being .	3	4	VBZ	gets	get	1
finally , whether the other tv appearances section is too short to stand alone , i am a bit in doubt .	7	8	VBZ	is	are	1
if you check that article , that content is still present in the article , it was not opposed by anyone , there was no discussion on talk opposing the inclusion of this in the article .	7	8	VBZ	is	are	1
the NNS and NNS are white , lined with orange bands .	1	4	VBP	are	is	3
in graph theory , a VBN graph is a connected and `` JJ '' graph , meaning that if any NN were to be removed , the graph will remain connected .	6	7	VBZ	is	are	1
the term signature song is generally not applied to the successful song of a JJ wonder , an artist who is closely identified with one song because they have had no other successful song recordings .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
his form of transport is his recently received birthday present - and it most certainly is not a NNP .	1	4	VBZ	is	are	3
the current article is a NN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the facility features two ice sheets , a regulation nhl VBD surface and a JJ studio NN for ice skating and figure skating .	1	2	VBZ	features	feature	1
in 1945 120 people suspect of NN to the NNP were executed ( see NNP massacre ) .	3	4	VBP	suspect	suspects	1
my point is that cnn , fox , the atlanta journal constitution , and so on , would not have asked mr .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
NNP review department carries out peer reviews on historical articles and NNS articles for good and featured status .	2	3	VBZ	carries	carry	1
the NNP 's version is significantly more JJ than the fun boy three one which NNP describes as `` JJR '' - arguably this reflects their respective points of view of the relationship .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
as of 2010 , number of tunnels is CD ( total length 99 .	4	7	VBZ	is	are	3
jerusalem 's old city is the home to many famous ancient monuments .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
talk pages make clear ) it is written by well-known and JJ journalists -- repeated below .	1	2	VBP	make	makes	1
such images are often used just because they are available and articles somehow look more complete with images .	11	13	VBP	look	looks	2
another NNP NN enables the NN of NN songs in each NNP based NN .	2	3	VBZ	enables	enable	1
one small building remains , but it is in decay and VBD off from the general population .	2	3	VBZ	remains	remain	1
both techniques tend to use JJ NNP NNS attached to the NN which are seen by the camera ( s ) through NNS providing NN to VB lighting .	1	2	VBP	tend	tends	1
in NN , also called NN , JJ cells quickly grow into the tissue from older , intact blood vessels .	8	10	VBP	grow	grows	2
the article needs to be balanced to show views from both sides of the NNP protest .	1	2	VBZ	needs	need	1
NNP 's 5th law is a harsh mistress .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
the NNP logo is an original drawing by william NNP NNP , given as a gift by him to NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the list there is too long and it takes up too much space on the article .	1	3	VBZ	is	are	2
even in the most proven arm that RB VBZ and VBZ , the magazine has to be JJ reliable for it to consistently feed properly .	13	14	VBZ	has	have	1
the club is also noteworthy as the place where on 7 april 1962 , NNP NNP introduced mick NNP and keith richards to brian jones , and the nucleus of the rolling stones first came together .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
common applications include data acquisition , instrument control and machine vision .	1	2	VBP	include	includes	1
the happy planet index VBZ how many happy life years each country is able to generate per global NN of ecological NN .	11	12	VBZ	is	are	1
the NN revert warriors refuse to discuss their stuff at the appropriate place , the article body of history of NNP .	3	4	VBP	refuse	refuses	1
the character appears in le NNP NN and NNP of the king .	1	2	VBZ	appears	appear	1
press reports say that in 2009 , as a senior official on obama 's transition team , NNP called and VBD several of president bush 's NNP NNS to inform them they were being dismissed .	1	2	VBP	say	says	1
initiated in 1997 , the news service is one of several thousand english language publishers carried by google news .	6	7	VBZ	is	are	1
he and NNP part ways , and NNP becomes lord of the mountain ; this section quotes NNP 's arrival at NNP from the NN of NNP .	15	16	VBZ	quotes	quote	1
other mammals include the NN , NN , blue sheep , NN , and NNP NN .	1	2	VBP	include	includes	1
the list has no value to me , but my personal interest in it is not especially JJ .	11	14	VBZ	is	are	3
these units are , the CD forward support company , the CD forward support company and the CD forward support company .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
the main carnival street parade takes place on saturday evening with thousands of NNP dancers flooding the streets of NNP .	4	5	VBZ	takes	take	1
the material on caesar is considerably more substantial and reliable .	1	4	VBZ	is	are	3
NNP cuisine takes its name from NNP , a city on west coast of karnataka .	1	2	VBZ	takes	take	1
g proteins [ or VBP RB binding protein ] [ 10 ] g proteins also VBP NN NN , which produces this second messenger molecule from atp .	13	15	VBP	activate	activates	2
looking in the mirror again she sees the dust shape , only VB this time , also her reflection seems to VB and move .	18	19	VBZ	seems	seem	1
when an editor feels that a page obviously and RB does n't belong in this encyclopedia , but it does not fit the criteria for a `` speedy '' , it can be tagged for `` proposed deletion '' .	2	3	VBZ	feels	feel	1
also the fishing industry is one of the oldest base industry in the city .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
an infant is least likely to produce NNS when changed , fed , or VBD .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the video opens with six infantry soldiers from the NNP platoon of the NNP brigade 's 50th airborne battalion on foot patrol .	1	2	VBZ	opens	open	1
resolution CD is under chapter 6 , not chapter 7 .	0	2	VBZ	is	are	2
according to the journal citation reports , its 2011 impact factor is 6 .	10	11	VBZ	is	are	1
a popular substitute for NN is a JJ NN with a NN of NN .	2	5	VBZ	is	are	3
in addition to JJ power generation , the dam provides industrial water to the city of NNP , and water for irrigation to a large area of eastern NNP prefecture .	8	9	VBZ	provides	provide	1
the more usual story is that philip , younger brother of louis vii .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
the JJ dublin campus is five minutes from the city centre , where students enjoy the JJ NN of the irish capital , famed for its bars , theatres , music scene and rich cultural heritage .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
this category contains articles that have been rated as `` NNP '' by wikiproject australian NN .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain	1
its administrative center is the town of NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the sale of coffee provides JJ support to the productive structures in NNP .	1	4	VBZ	provides	provide	3
anyone who knows how the hit count is generated will tell you that the number is RB JJ for wikipedia purposes .	14	15	VBZ	is	are	1
the NNP theory is a variant upon NNP and NNP 's JJ hypothesis , published in december 1977 .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
its name comes from the NNP JJ sculptures that stand there .	1	2	VBZ	comes	come	1
this is a distinctive feature of motion under the influence of a JJ force ; all NNS take the same amount of time to complete a revolution .	16	17	VBP	take	takes	1
running trains are subject to attack and the principal NN depot is constantly being fired over by NNS .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
membership is open to any person who may be connected to the school in one way or another .	0	1	VBZ	is	are	1
her testimony saves the doctor from prison .	1	2	VBZ	saves	save	1
NNP , the archer turns the head to VB at the target .	3	4	VBZ	turns	turn	1
the result VBZ to 47 out of the 81 seats in the parliament .	1	2	VBZ	translates	translate	1
JJ birds are rare in the extreme southeastern part of the species ' range .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
NNP was originally developed along with NNP to serve the purpose of a NN for theorem proving systems ; in fact , the name stands for `` JJ '' .	23	24	VBZ	stands	stand	1
the NNP NNP NN runs along the river NNP in NNP and NNP districts .	3	4	VBZ	runs	run	1
the official NN is 20 million deaths , as given by NNP NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
these NNS often contain JJ commercial or network control messages , or are the result of port NNS and NN activities .	1	3	VBP	contain	contains	2
an adaptation of the NN soup scene is featured in the the three NNP video game , where players control NNP who attempts to pick up and eat as many NNS from the NN soup as possible before the NNS do .	18	19	VBP	control	controls	1
throughout this period NNP remains a mainly rural economy .	2	4	VBZ	remains	remain	2
otherwise NN has a definitive NN of a NN eating norse creature .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
the 1996 album blue is the colour sold over a million copies and featured hit singles `` NNP '' and `` do n't marry her '' .	2	4	VBZ	Is	Are	2
your questions are of such an epic nature that it is difficult to tackle them without over NN .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
NNP 's theorem states that these are all possible absolute value functions on q ( up to VB ) .	3	6	VBP	are	is	3
NNP requires that all text is copyright violating .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
the independence of JJ alternatives ( NNP ) criterion is much JJR than NNP ; unlike NNP , some JJ voting methods can pass NNP .	8	9	VBZ	is	are	1
a regulatory committee needs a qualified majority to VB a proposed commission measure .	2	3	VBZ	needs	need	1
a little common sense goes further than VBG policy for its own sake .	3	4	VBZ	goes	go	1
keep lets not narrowly focus on any one area here , this JJ topic is broader than even religion and NN NNS .	13	14	VBZ	is	are	1
note that NNS are for all wikimedia foundation NN and not specific to wikipedia .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
the information is powerful enough to turn NNP against NNP .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
NNP ( NNP 4 ) the configuration index has two NNS which are the priority numbers of the NNS separated by the largest angle .	7	8	VBZ	has	have	1
the mill is a wooden building with a stone foundation and a metal roof .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the article is about very thorough research done by professors , and published in prestigious journals , about cases that are JJ of NN .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
no , a sphere is definitely a better NN .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
managers need to think RB and RB about the application of traditional business principles to environmental problems .	0	1	VBP	need	needs	1
according to the united states census bureau , the township has a total area of , of which of it is land and of it ( 24 .	9	10	VBZ	has	have	1
if the type locality is the site of the last remaining population of this species then it is one of NN NNP known and `` threatened with JJ extinction '' .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
the red phone also appears in the film airport , that was based on a novel by arthur NNP .	2	4	VBZ	appears	appear	2
NNP has specifically stated that it is not a matter of settling or deciding which text is JJ .	15	16	VBZ	is	are	1
it has had guests with some JJ theories in the past , which the above 2010 era quotes reflect .	17	18	VBP	reflect	reflects	1
NNP , `` play is serious business for the development of young NNS .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
if they pass on , a creature seems to VB their JJ spirits .	6	7	VBZ	seems	seem	1
the NN content is a serious concern because it is often toxic to the very plants that are to be VBN .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the former NN , now a `` cultural '' centre is to be found below the NNP near the river NNP .	9	10	VBZ	is	are	1
built entirely with material imported for the purpose from france , the palace stands near the eastern end of santa fe avenue , in the NNP section of buenos aires .	12	13	VBZ	stands	stand	1
the show tests famous dutch people on their knowledge of the netherlands .	1	2	VBZ	tests	test	1
the article is no longer subject to any CD wars ' and is now very stable .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the plant is very sensitive to frost .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the starting material is JJ b , the JJ product of NNP NNS , followed by three synthetic steps .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
a storm sends NNP and NNP to NNP cove where NNP considers having his nose made more JJ by NNP cove 's JJ NN ruler queen NNP .	1	2	VBZ	sends	send	1
mo NNS are NNS JJ themselves - NN is easier to explain in terms of molecular NNS , the JJ effect is more an JJ non mo explanation .	20	21	VBZ	is	are	1
the list is therefore JJ with this guideline .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
fuel cells RB contain a fixed NN whereas flow cells also require a continuous flow of NN .	9	11	VBP	require	requires	2
on the NNP , the NN only VBZ the body of the loop as the NN and what data to loop over by VBG geometry processing .	5	7	VBZ	specifies	specify	2
the three routes come together , becoming main street and passing by the NNP house as it proceeds through the center of the village .	2	3	VBP	come	comes	1
this plant is an annual herb growing up to 1 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
NNP marks appear in music for instruments with NN NNS , such as the piano , NN and NNS .	1	2	VBP	appear	appears	1
NNS le FW du dragon vol .	0	1	VBP	le	le	1
the logo is merely a couple of JJ letters VBN on top of each other .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the neighborhood is also home to part of NNP mountain reservation and NNP park around the grand street reservoir .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
some scientists now consider that the effects of global NN have VBN the effect of global warming to some extent and that VBG global NN may therefore lead to increases in NNS of future temperature rise .	1	3	VBP	consider	considers	2
the term `` JJ switch '' encompasses many methods of VBG the network communication between a console and its server .	4	6	VBZ	encompasses	encompass	2
the NNP thing about bbc is that they refer to the large global backup survey that is the largest of its kind published on the web .	2	5	VBZ	is	are	3
the game includes persistent statistics , JJ equipment , and achievements .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include	1
NNS are optional for a NNP function call with a single string argument ( and also for a single table NN ) .	0	1	VBP	are	is	1
these guys are in the business of raising capital and VBG it .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
a world war is a war affecting most of the world 's most powerful and JJ countries .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
current release is available for basketball players ( dubbed the basketball NNP ) and for hockey players ( developed in conjunction with usa hockey ) .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
in the end , he VBZ running when the castle becomes RP with NNP , but decides to stand by NNP 's side to hold them off and help NNP and his friends defeat organization NNP , though the castle is destroyed .	9	10	VBZ	becomes	become	1
the walk begins NN at avenue miguel NNP with the statue of a soldier holding the flag of peru , and in turn , VBZ on a JJ largest , known as the unknown soldier ( el NNP NNP ) .	1	2	VBZ	begins	begin	1
the second event has the long term effect on society that we know that experts VBP JJ NN with stroke .	2	3	VBZ	has	have	1
simply linking to a site does not make it notable ( assuming those links exist ) .	13	14	VBP	exist	exists	1
the project involves the reconstruction of the terminal NN of old and construction of new NNS .	1	2	VBZ	involves	involve	1
the only high school situated here is NNP NNP memorial high school ( hindi medium ) .	3	6	VBZ	is	are	3
and it was dealt with like it has been in the past for other users , with no blocks , because the complaints are simply not JJ in that way , and certainly not in this case .	22	23	VBP	are	is	1
RB , the anthem is sometimes called `` NNP NN NN un FW de FW '' ( spanish for `` your flag is a NN of sky '' ) which is also the first line of the chorus .	21	22	VBZ	is	are	1
additionally , the opposing managers are close friends .	4	5	VBP	are	is	1
the most notable inhabitants are the large NNS of asian NNP .	3	4	VBP	are	is	1
the bee NNS that the spider 's web is VBN from VBN flies and other dirt and that all the spider really contributes is his poison .	20	22	VBZ	contributes	contribute	2
the two books include references to official roman catholic teachings on NN , however the main emphasis is on NNP 's experience as an NN .	2	3	VBP	include	includes	1
agricultural products include rice , VB , VB , NNS , NN , NNS , NN , cotton , and tea ; the country 's largest tea estates are at NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes	1
it has been repeatedly demonstrated that JJ species produce more offspring in their single fatal JJ episode than do closely related JJ species in any one of PRP .	7	8	VBP	produce	produces	1
later NNS , particularly JJ and NNP , would strongly disagree with him on this issue , by saying that NNS is actually concerned with NN being , and as such , the nature of god is purely JJ .	33	36	VBZ	is	are	3
the idea is to group that with operation summer NNP and any future related operations , i believe .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the following distinct communities exist within st .	3	4	VBP	exist	exists	1
the only people who care are my friends NNP NNP , scout and NNP NNP over there .	2	5	VBP	are	is	3
in medicine , the NN examination is performed as part of a physical examination , or when a patient presents with a NN problem ( NN ( NN of NN ) , NN , chest pain ) or a history that suggests a NN of the NNS .	18	19	VBZ	presents	present	1
one may want to understand how we as individuals see PRP in this world , and we do this by telling our story as we see it .	8	9	VBP	see	sees	1
as in NNP 11 , the wolf RB kills his victim .	6	8	VBZ	kills	kill	2
another NN is that composite NNS sound differently than aluminum NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the album contains mostly cover versions of rock and pop standards from previous decades .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain	1
some leagues also allow the JJS teams to get the first draft picks , to even things out .	1	3	VBP	allow	allows	2
his left eye is grey , his right eye is blue and he has VBN on his NNS , which he uses to extract chi .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the main campus is NNP while the other locations vary in size and facilities .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
ban is the sin of NNP with the symbol of the fox .	0	1	VBZ	is	are	1
its capital is the city of NNP , which has a population of more than CD , 000 .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
at night , the signal covers floyd county , NNP .	4	5	VBZ	covers	cover	1
NNP duck 's current female presenter is NNP raymond , who is also host of channel nine 's music video program eclipse music tv .	5	6	VBZ	is	are	1
modes of operation are nowadays defined by a number of national and internationally recognized standards bodies .	0	3	VBP	are	is	3
there are many hundreds of JJ media in which laser action has been achieved , but relatively few types are in widespread use .	18	19	VBP	are	is	1
comment - this article is JJ .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
NN students reside in NNP hall , NNP hall , NNP hall , wells hall , NNP hall , fox hall , NNP hall , augusta hall , NNP hall , NNP hall , NNP hall , NNP hall , and elizabeth hall .	1	2	VBP	reside	resides	1
the second thing is with the hp books .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the film then ends with the NN of man and animal between erik NNP , an NN , and wolves , the group of animals he wishes to save .	1	3	VBZ	ends	end	2
since most trails begin at much lower NNS , a NN to the summit is a JJ exercise .	2	3	VBP	begin	begins	1
some language study programs use the NNP to teach pronunciation .	3	4	VBP	use	uses	1
another technique involves JJ surfaces and it 's called NN ; jumping on a JJ surface gives a height boost .	1	2	VBZ	involves	involve	1
difficulties arise because the NN ships must remain continuously at sea , exposed to storms and NN , usually far from any support , and vulnerable to sudden attack from the VBN side , whose ships may stay safe in harbor until they choose to come out .	0	1	VBP	arise	arises	1
like the NNP , their NNS have many NNS on the ( NN ) NN of JJ segment NNP .	5	6	VBP	have	has	1
NNP call signs are only intended for use when the amateur radio station is operated from a vessel that makes international NNS .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
his first mission brings him to beverly hills to investigate a murder mystery .	2	3	VBZ	brings	bring	1
NNP notes that she found out that her father watches her mother on t .	8	9	VBZ	watches	watch	1
stephen NNP , suggests that language development is a function of the input received by the NN .	6	7	VBZ	is	are	1
the area contains minerals and natural resources in commercial quantities such as limestone , NN , petroleum and coal .	1	2	VBZ	contains	contain	1
all the listings here are plain wikipedia article 's and no wikiproject systems project pages .	2	4	VBP	are	is	2
the first name is the name in NNP , the second NNP .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the album draws upon NNP NNP traditions and consists of two epic recordings VBG NNP 's JJ resistance and NN .	1	2	VBZ	draws	draw	1
in power engineering , a NN line is part of an electric distribution network , usually a JJ circuit of intermediate voltage .	6	7	VBZ	is	are	1
the case has a VBN rim , so although the NNS are comparable with other CD riot control weapons , the loaded rounds are quite different .	22	23	VBP	are	is	1
it is VBN on plants as a NN ; its mode of action is JJ after a NN has become established .	10	13	VBZ	is	are	3
i noticed that main characters have their own articles , while all the rest are combined here .	4	5	VBP	have	has	1
note that sign conventions vary between different authors , which results in different forms of these equations depending on the convention used .	3	4	VBP	vary	varies	1
some nations VBP the operation of businesses for religious reasons and do not allow shopping on particular days or dates .	1	2	VBP	regulate	regulates	1
however one of the issues with NNP is that its NNS argue that it is RB effective compared to other meditation techniques , including buddhist meditation .	10	11	VBP	argue	argues	1
at the shopping centre , his mother finds him , but he does n't VB her .	6	7	VBZ	finds	find	1
the final track is an epic song on the destruction of JJ NNP by the russian army in CD .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
the video editor 's responsibilities involve the decisions about the selection and combining of shots into sequences , VBG and sound effects and music and ultimately creating a finished movie television program commercial , NN , NN .	4	5	VBP	involve	involves	1
these plans include a student recreation center complete with a rock wall , along with adding a VBN roof in order to blend in with the other buildings on campus .	1	2	VBP	include	includes	1
those articles are by him , not about him .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
VBN your comments for NN , but without changing anything ] all i can say is that you need to obtain consensus , because discussion by itself is not enough to keep you from being blocked or the page from being protected with the content instead of without .	24	27	VBZ	is	are	3
the group also hosts an annual summer camp in wales ( in recent years attracting over 100 teenagers ) , as well as a weekend away in february .	1	3	VBZ	hosts	host	2
on the isle of man during the first world war a young woman finds herself drawn to one of the nearby german prisoners of war .	12	13	VBZ	finds	find	1
most bulk boxes are JJ , JJ , or JJ .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
the NNP line is the predecessor of the present-day green line `` b '' branch .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
as of 2005 , the town has an estimated population of 24 , CD and the density of CD .	5	6	VBZ	has	have	1
the boards are normally held in november and the board VBZ the NNP two classes for the next year .	9	10	VBZ	selects	select	1
the west tower is in four stages , its lower part being constructed in sandstone and the upper parts in limestone .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
as the money given to the person is given in NN of the local authority providing the care , the money remains public money belonging to the local government who makes the payments .	20	21	VBZ	remains	remain	1
the two proposed mechanisms are JJ and NN .	3	4	VBP	are	is	1
my vote now is a much weakened delete .	1	3	VBZ	is	are	2
today the san marco regiment consists of the amphibious battalion NNP and the support battalion NNP with approximately 1 , 500 soldiers .	4	5	VBZ	consists	consist	1
the society has approximately 300 full and CD associate members .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
NNP 's columns have always been strong on reporting , while the writing is less JJ .	12	13	VBZ	is	are	1
when a monarch dies , the new one is asked what their JJ name is , and i thought that was the end of the matter .	13	14	VBZ	is	are	1
NNP NNS , VBP scout is JJ en NN VBD JJ PRP en FW de FW .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
i am hoping that in the future these additional geographical locations have wikipedia pages .	10	11	VBP	have	has	1
the following airports are public use airports owned by washington state department of transportation ( NNP ) .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
he was born in pennsylvania , but his birth date is unknown .	9	10	VBZ	is	are	1
other groups also meet , such as northern home counties .	1	3	VBP	meet	meets	2
edit is the sixth album by vocalist mark stewart , released on march 28 , 2008 through VBN dick hot NNP !	0	1	VBZ	is	are	1
i 'd have to ask , at the very least , that the links section carry an obvious and JJ NN warning the reader that these sites are JJ external sites and the reader should use NN and NN in using them as resources .	26	27	VBP	are	is	1
the lake is a popular overnight hiking destination among park visitors and is sometimes VBN by locals .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
a newly renovated JJ JJ bowling alley is available at the student center for recreational and JJ bowling .	6	7	VBZ	is	are	1
the oldest women 's overall winner is NNP NNP of switzerland , who won the women 's 1995 alpine skiing world cup at the age of 30 for her 3rd overall title .	5	6	VBZ	is	are	1
my engineering NN says that the river NNS are JJ NNS and the rest of the bridge is simple spans .	7	8	VBP	are	is	1
the parliament is bound to spend `` twelve periods of monthly JJ sessions , including the budget session '' in NNP , while additional sessions and committees are in brussels .	24	27	VBP	are	is	3
the product line includes organic or JJ items ranging from NNS such as milk and eggs to VB sauce and NN NN .	2	3	VBZ	includes	include	1
the organisation provides opportunities for training and VBG to assist in maintaining high standards in all areas of professional audio operations .	1	2	VBZ	provides	provide	1
my only concern is why you felt it was necessary to go as far as to VB for example which has a history of vandalism even while JJ .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
we have a free photo of her recently , and her change in appearance is not the subject of the article .	11	14	VBZ	is	are	3
this category is for NNS who have appeared for the austria national JJ football team .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the only difference between the two acts is that the 1853 act clearly defines how the trustees must VB a NN of NN for the sale of real estate .	11	13	VBZ	defines	define	2
the parish church history is that of the diocese of NNP .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
NNP NNP crystal NNP NN cell in NN , the JJ crystal system is one of the 7 crystal systems , the JJ NN system is one of the 7 NN systems , and the JJ crystal family is one of the 6 crystal families .	24	25	VBZ	is	are	1
the cite list looks impressive , but lots of it goes back to the blog or JJ or what have you .	2	3	VBZ	looks	look	1
two JJ bodies facilitate JJ work among the protestant churches in hong kong .	2	3	VBP	facilitate	facilitates	1
the family NNP is native to both india and the NNPS , and is considered a sister NN to NNP .	1	3	VBZ	is	are	2
on this case , 1 NNPS is VBN and 3 are inactive , so 5 votes are a majority .	15	16	VBP	are	is	1
the current student population is approximately 600 students .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
commuter services run by london midland run between birmingham snow hill , and .	1	2	VBP	run	runs	1
its algorithms return results that are JJ , but potentially RB related to the users NN .	1	2	VBP	return	returns	1
to achieve different visual effects and flight characteristics , NN NNP NNS offer a variety of different characteristic NN types .	11	12	VBP	offer	offers	1
instead , a JJ protocol makes it possible to change the rules of inheritance and choose a different solution for individual classes .	4	5	VBZ	makes	make	1
the NNS give the tired NNP a ride back to the shore .	1	2	VBP	give	gives	1
the NNS begin with the easy victories over the NNP and NNP teams , but not so with the NNP lions team .	1	2	VBP	begin	begins	1
the sub JJ head quarters are at NNP , NNP , NNP and NNP .	4	5	VBP	are	is	1
therefore revelation alone is JJ to establish god 's unity .	1	3	VBZ	is	are	2
in a JJ romance NNP and NNP , NNP 's mother gives her son a ring when he VBZ , VBN as a merchant , to look for the maiden NNP , whose tomb he has just seen to be empty .	10	11	VBZ	gives	give	1
the award considers books that have met certain criteria .	1	2	VBZ	considers	consider	1
this article is about the most accomplished state court judge in the history of california .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
he has NNS , whatever you tell him he turns to `` references say '' .	12	13	VBP	say	says	1
the modern city is an important industrial centre in india .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
keep the topic is notable and the article is a long JJ companion to economic history of europe , economic history of africa , economic history of britain , economic history of france , etc .	7	8	VBZ	is	are	1
the land is between and above sea level .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
however , this article is merely a NN , and wikipedia is not the place for those .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
my suspicion is that access is available in the u .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
reserve force units are in light face .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
this page is about the soundtrack listings for each prince of tennis musical performances and the soundtrack listings for the musical best actor series albums that have been released in japan .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
we are told the piece reads like advertising .	4	5	VBZ	reads	read	1
wikipedia is not a dictionary - this article is nothing more than a definition and even uses NNP as a reference !	7	8	VBZ	is	are	1
the party performs relatively strongly in local government elections .	1	2	VBZ	performs	perform	1
its headquarters is in NNP , kerala .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
in addition , provinces also have local lists of historic monuments .	3	5	VBP	have	has	2
the difference is that the bird is free , because he has no id .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
this bus runs from the NNP station along the NNP via NNP am NNP to its final destination in NNP .	1	2	VBZ	runs	run	1
these basic principles include physical , NNP , mental and intellectual components of a person .	2	3	VBP	include	includes	1
the reservation includes NNP brook as it flows north through cambridge , arlington , and NNP toward the NNP river .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include	1
the book tells of a NN who desired power and used the higher magic to obtain more power by killing many NNS and VBG their power .	1	2	VBZ	tells	tell	1
in good weather the bell tower has a JJ view over the NNP mountains .	5	6	VBZ	has	have	1
in june , in the season of the blue flowers , the town has its NN ( NN ) festival .	12	13	VBZ	has	have	1
a carlton house desk is a specific NN desk form within the more general bureau  NN form .	3	4	VBZ	is	are	1
the JJ scene possibly features him running after the girl in a train station before she leaves .	2	4	VBZ	features	feature	2
his parody has the narrator as a contestant on wheel of fortune .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
contested prod on basis `` NN , reason ( never played in pro league ) invalid ( aston villa is pro ) '' however NN or any other source fails to mention any appearance for aston villa .	18	19	VBZ	is	are	1
worst part is , because of the nature of the crash and fire , as well as the large number of JJ people who may have been on the trains , the bodies could not be separately identified .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the NN is a single or double NN of NN VBZ up to 15 NNS long .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the characters are thick and square in shape .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
the show is one of the most popular talk shows in the philippines but has also proved to be controversial due to the violence exhibited in the show .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the kong brothers are NN of martial arts and they become song NNP 's students .	2	3	VBP	are	is	1
l NN engine and it works by increasing NN , making NN more efficient .	2	5	VBZ	works	work	3
in shape , the NNS are JJ , becoming JJ , and are fairly JJ .	4	5	VBP	are	is	1
article seems on its way to deletion ( i put in a !	0	1	VBZ	seems	seem	1
the community is significantly larger during term time as many overseas students from china , malaysia and singapore study at sheffield 's two universities creating a large non resident community .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
her peak rating of CD makes her a class `` b '' player in the united states , which is far below the master level ( approximately CD ) where one can begin to consider a player as JJ .	2	5	VBZ	makes	make	3
this assignment is such that no customer has any of the first 4 , CD ports ( they have more value than others ) , that all other ports are distributed , and that the process is JJ ( no parameter needs to be VBN by NNP 's ) .	35	36	VBZ	is	are	1
the film 's soundtrack features `` love remains the same '' , a song written by NNP NNP for his 2008 debut solo album , despite the fact that it does not appear in the film .	3	4	VBZ	features	feature	1
hence the range over which the primary electron loses energy is not so RB related to the final density of energy NN in the VBG material .	9	10	VBZ	is	are	1
NNP 's condition of license is to be an alternative to mainstream radio .	2	5	VBZ	is	are	3
this tool VBZ the NNS of people based on industry , position level , region etc .	1	2	VBZ	compares	compare	1
a jump similar to a `` grande NN '' where the front leg extends with a NN .	12	13	VBZ	extends	extend	1
hal NNP , who produced nine of them , declared , `` a NNP picture is the only sure thing in hollywood .	14	15	VBZ	is	are	1
this song includes a joke on a NN when one of the characters tells the creature to stop talking to him in records .	1	2	VBZ	includes	include	1
VBN interchange - examples of these are the NNP interchange on the JJ expressway and NNP link of the sprint expressway .	3	6	VBP	are	is	3
this article has all of that and more .	1	2	VBZ	has	have	1
it is said in unofficial counts that the club has over 30 million fans .	8	9	VBZ	has	have	1
in both cases , simple file servers generate the NN or NN directly from the file structure of a server .	6	7	VBP	generate	generates	1
in addition , the research comprises all internal NNS , relevant literature and an analysis of the NNS behind the decoration .	4	5	VBZ	comprises	comprise	1
the crew discovers a NNP NN called NNP , which the NNP wants to VB because of their religious belief that the activation of the ring will bring about a `` great journey , '' VBG loyal NNP to salvation .	1	2	VBZ	discovers	discover	1
drugs are a very common problem in cambridge .	0	1	VBP	are	is	1
in many cases these communities admit both single and married persons as members , requiring NN on the part of those who are single , and VBG commitment to their NN on the part of married members .	4	5	VBP	admit	admits	1
the head is JJ between the NN , elsewhere more or less JJ .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the club 's full name is NNP NNP NNP NNP ( NNP NNP NNP NNP ) , which is abbreviated as a .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
notable contributors include cole NNP , NNP NNP , bin NNP , peter johnson , albert NNP , ron NNP , and russell NNP .	1	2	VBP	include	includes	1
lions are JJ hunters , but will steal when they are given the opportunity .	0	1	VBP	are	is	1
NN NNS are effective JJ agents even at low concentrations .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
in [ [ NNP philosophy ] ] , doubt about god is n't on the table for discussion .	8	11	VBZ	is	are	3
VBG the following here so more eyes will see it ( and , i hope , address matters before they become serious problems ) .	17	20	VBP	become	becomes	3
NNP ( aka karnataka NNP style ) is a type of indian architecture primarily used in temples .	5	7	VBZ	is	are	2
the two largest islands are NNP and NNP in the southeast .	3	4	VBP	are	is	1
although , NNP 's personal work is mainly still life which includes sharks , NN , NNS , and underwater life .	5	6	VBZ	is	are	1
as our community grows we increasingly face two challenges , the increased NN of vandalism and NNS on the one hand , and new efforts to create more NN and a less open process and concentrated NN in the hands of a few .	2	3	VBZ	grows	grow	1
also this framework allows one to state JJ results ( as the sample size ) , which are understood as a theoretical possibility of VBG new independent observations from the data generating process .	2	3	VBZ	allows	allow	1
by VBG the bottom half of the image and avoiding these NNS , the program runs faster .	14	15	VBZ	runs	run	1
i often see new accounts make big bold edits without leaving edit summaries , and i assume good faith of course , but i still do n't know why they RB removed that certain paragraph or sentence , or changed that date or JJ , or whatever .	4	5	VBP	make	makes	1
the rim is more worn along the northeastern face , and the rim is more irregular to the north and south .	12	13	VBZ	is	are	1
NNP coastal area is a populated by tourists as well as local NNS .	2	3	VBZ	is	are	1
NNP 's theorem allows us to evaluate many series in closed form .	2	3	VBZ	allows	allow	1
the festival is a popular tourist event in belgium and has helped strengthen the local tourist economy around NNS .	1	2	VBZ	is	are	1
the JJ ground NN has a NN , JJ body supported by short legs and a JJ tail measuring about a third the length of the body .	3	4	VBZ	has	have	1
refer to the figure on the right ; units are in NNS .	8	9	VBP	are	is	1
these formats are the basis for the common NNP and NNP VBP file formats ( comparison of NN formats ) .	1	2	VBP	are	is	1
the final remaining contestant has to VB a NN with the prize money and escape before the NN NNS .	3	4	VBZ	has	have	1
the NN NN JJ generator is a swiss invention and VBZ power by rotating a JJ dish which VBZ JJ energy in the air and turns it into electricity .	4	5	VBZ	is	are	1
the student body consists of many different national origins .	2	3	VBZ	consists	consist	1
lutheran women still live there today under the authority of a lutheran NN .	1	3	VBP	live	lives	2
